A low hum flows through the ship as the systems slowly start turning back on as they exit low power mode. The lights in the room slowly turn up as the clock on the monitor above their head flips to 8:00am. Gently music starts to play as the metal protective shield on the windows along the craft open letting in nothing but the void around the ship. The ships voice plays through the speakers,



“Good morning Eve Jones. It is currently 8:00am Standard Earth Rotation it has been 264 days since departure from UNP Research Base 1302. The temperature on Earth is ERROR. You have ERROR messages. ERROR days till arrival.”



The woman in the bed slowly opens her eyes as the sound of her ship’s computer starts the daily program. She tilts her head to the side as she stares at the photograph of her with her partner back on earth. She brings two fingers to her lips as she then presses it to the photo.



“Good morning my love, I miss you so much.”



As the woman reluctantly pulls the warm blanket off her the cool air of the ship hits her body. She sits at the edge of the bed as she stretches her muscles after the night of rest. Sliding down off the bed she slips into some slippers before making her way out of her room and into the small bathroom. Turning to the light in the bathroom it blinds her as she puts her arm up to shield her eyes.



“Sam will you turn the lights down 30% in the bathroom please you are blinding me.”



As the lights dim the ship speaks up, “Sorry Dr. Eve the plasma storm we encountered a week ago has damaged more systems than my diagnostic could detect. I suggest you take me offline until a repair team can repair the damage.”



Eve lowers her arm as she chuckles slighty to herself as she looks into the mirror wiping the sleep from her eyes before turning the shower on. Soon the water begins to slightly fog up the bathroom as she slips her standard issue military underwear off. Tossing them into an already made pile that looks to have been building up for weeks now. Testing the water with her hand before entering the shower making sure its right temperature. 



Stepping inside she begins to wash her body as she makes conversation with her ship’s computer, “Sam I don’t think that will be possible. There is no repair team only me and you buddy. Ill take a look after breakfast okay?”



She takes a quick shower to try and conserve anything she has left. Her eyes closed as she stands under the shower head letting the warm water run down her body before turning the shower off. Stepping out of the shower and grabbing the nearest towel as she hastely drys her body off before walking back into her bedroom and putting on her last fresh pair of underwear. Then grabbing and slipping on her casual work pants and t-shirt. Then walking back out of the room and down the hall as the ship speaks over the intercom.



“Todays breakfast is meal number ERROR with ERROR sides. Your meal is prepared Eve.”



She walks into the tiny kitchen with a table and one chair. On her right the wall of food prepacked meals ready to eat. She hasn’t not had real food for months due to an unknown diesese that killed off her plants in the food greenhouse. Thankfully the air greenhouse plants were not affected by it as she was able to purge that section and is now the vaccum of space. She stands before the wall of prepared meals as she chooses one at random. Looking at the package it says, Meal 32 Breakfast Option B Oatmeal with Sythmilk.



“Yummy…my favorite.” She says as even the sound of the meal is off putting. “They could atleast put some pazazz on the name or something. Meal 32 Breakast Option B Oatmeal with Sythmilk, you sure you want to name it that. Of course, it’s perfect!” she mocking saying that last part in attempt to bring some humor into this situation. She slides the package into the device on the wall as she sets the timer. 4:59 shows up and starts ticking down. Grabbing a mug from the hooks on the wall and opening a small package of instant coffee she pours the grains into the mug before filling it with water from the spout.





“Great…room temp coffee too. Can this day get any better.” she wants to let out a sigh, but it would be a waste of her breath. Mixing the room temperature water in the mug the grains only partially disperse into the liquid as she just downs the whole thing. Small chunks of the coffee grains cling to inside the mug as she sets it down on the counter. “Yuck. Looks like coffee is off the table until I can fix the hot water in here. Unfortunately, I can’t use the shower supply as it’s a different system.”



The timer on the meal goes off as she jumps and grabs her heart. “Good lord.” she says jumping back a few feet. Retrieveing her ‘breakfast’ and opening it. The smell of the sythmilk hits her nose as she moves it away from her and sets it on the table.



“Yea…I think just coffee for today will work.” She skips breakfast as she gets up after throwing the meal into the bin it making a audible thud as it hits the bottom of the bin. 



Leaving the kitchen as she makes her way through the ship down the central hall that the ships modules or room are attached too. At the rear of the ship is her bedroom and kitchen modules. As you make your way through the hall towards the bow on your left are the greenhouses in the middle of the ship. To the right is the cargo and storage module. At the bow is the bridge module along with basic workout equipment and basic entertainment needs all integrated into the bridge module. Thankfully the United Nation of Planets or UNP designed their ships to be like building blocks. 



Passing by the first greenhouse door, above it saying Crop Greenhouse. As she pears into the window the room is black as she cant even see a few inches into the room. She puts her hand on the door as she feels how cold it is to the touch, the moisture on her skin freezes slightly as she pulls her hand back and shakes it.



“Ouch that’s cold.”



Moving to the next door above it saying Air Greenhouse. Punching in the door code it unlocks and opens she steps inside. As she inspects the plants she begins her daily voice log. 



“Sam please start my daily log.” She says with her focus more on the plants. She hears a beep and then the ship’s voice. “Daily Log 264 Started, please continue.”



Her hands gently glide along the plants stems and leaves as she starts the watering process, as she observes the monitor she beings her log. “Daily Log 264, I have been traveling through space on a mission to investigate the Excelsior, a ship with an experimental engine design.” she taps some buttons on the screen as she goes through the routine checks. “The Crop Greenhouse is still is inaccessible as it is under quarantine due to an unknown disease that infected the plants. I sealed the module off from the rest of the ship to prevent the spread. Due to the greenhouses being linked together I could not eject the module, why the engineers thought it was a good idea is above my pay grade. The plants in the Air Greenhouse seem to be thriving and doing well. Oddly they have been requiring less water and their growth has increased. According to the data each plant requires one ounce less of water a day but their growth has increased by .02%. I will continue to monitor their growth. Pause log.”



Returning the watering system to auto she backs away before leaving the greenhouse. Turning left to head towards the bridge she continues her logs.



“Resume Log, two weeks ago we were hit by a plasma storm which knocked out a few of the systems. They were noncritical thankfully as the shielding over the primary systems seemed to have taken most of the blunt force. Lets just say I will not be going through another one anytime soon.” arriving at the door to the bridge she opens the door using her code on the door. She steps inside before sighing, she continues.



“Repairs have been slow. My mechanical abilities are limited compared to the UNP’s repair teams. While I am making progress they are slow, for today I have on the list….” standing in front of her chair she swings the monitor connected to the arm around to face her. Tapping a few buttons on the screen she brings up a list of damaged systems. She begins to read them off, “Crop Greenhouse, Secondary Assistant Module’s memory cores 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17…..” she scrolls down past the thousands of damaged memory cores before stopping at the next issue. “Non critical secondary systems offline, external communications array damaged, external solar array damaged, external….” it keeps going and going about all the external damage. She has no way to repair any of the external issues, thankfully the backup photonic generator stored enough solar energy to last me for at least a few years if she rations the power out. 



“Today I will work on the hot water dispenser in the kitchen, I would rather jump out the airlock into the vacuum of space before I go a day without coffee.” Sam interjects, “Dr. Jones, would it not be more efficient to repair my memory cores. I have lost over ERROR percent of my memory cores if I lose another 5 percent I will not beable to be repaired Dr. Jones.”



She looks up and sighs as if the ship it’s self was a person. “Look Sam, you dont understand. You don’t know what I would be like without my coffee. This is a critical Eve system Sam. Eve wants her coffee.” she pauses a moment as Sam waits to respond. Sensing the slight anger in her voice. “As you wish Dr. Jones.” his voice while it never tone she swear she heard alittle bit of nervousness behind it.



Looking down at the monitor she checks the time, the display says 8:35am before she moves it back and walks over to the exercise cycle bolted to the floor of the bridge. Taking her shirt and pants off throwing them over the back of her captains chair she stands there in just her underwear. She begins by doing some basic stretches as she bends over and tries to touch her toes then streching her arms side to side. As she begins to squat down to stretch her thigh and legs she looks up at the ceiling.



“Sam could you play Eve workout playlist 03 please.” the computer makes a few beeps before the playlist begins to play some motivation workout music with a fast beat. “Yea, thats it.” The next hour or so she goes through her daily exercise to both pass the time and to keep herself in fit condition as the ship just floats through the void of space. In the middle of the workout Sam announces over the intercom, “Dr. Eve the sensors are picking up an unindenified object three light years ahead in sector 204.3. Based on inital scans the object matches the same pattern as the Excelsior’s engine’s. Based on our current speed we will reach sector 204.3 in 10 years.”



The music stops as Sam issues his message, Eve still on the cycle beads of sweat drip down her body. Leaning up as she catches her breath and feeling her pulse with her fingers to her neck before taking a deep breath and releasing it. “Continue scans Sam, change course. Can we shave any of that time off? I do not wish to get back to earth being an old woman.”



See watches as the lights on the panel that fills most of the walls of the room. Sam’s lights flickering as he computes her request. “If you were to divert power from the secondary water system we can shave as you say one year off.” He responds as she shakes her head.



“No can do Sam. That controls the hot water for my shower and coffee. We just had this conversation about my coffee.” her tone with slight anger as her eyebrow twitches. “I will have to think of something, give me time. We got 10 years right?” her voice waivers.



With that she climbs off the cycle, grabbing her clothes from the back of the chair. Slipping just the pants on she makes her way out of the bridge, through the halls. Her bunny slippers jingle and squeak as she walks down the hall, her partner gave her the slippers as a reminder from home before she took off on this mission. A little piece of home.



Opening the storage door and walking inside she looks through the organized shelves all properly labeled. “Exchanger…..exchanger where art thou?” she whispers to herself as she scans the labels. “Ah, there we go.” Finding the label marked ‘Exchanger’ pulling the last one off the shelf she holds it in her hands for a moment, her eyes widen and her mouth smiles wide as she dances in place for a moment. “Coffee here I am!” as she holds it up into the air.



Grabbing a small tool pouch and attaching it to her pant belt loop she gathers some basic tools placing them into the pouch to replace the broken exchanger in the hot water dispenser in the kitchen. Whistling as she walks out of the storage room and back into the kitchen her eyes spot the panel below the dispenser as a smirk plays at the corner of her lips. Kneeling before the panel as she continues to whistle a jolly tune she uses a socket wrench to undo the bolts on the panel. Taking the final and forth off she tries to grab it but it falls to the ground as it slips from her fingers and clinks on the metal floor. She reaches down for it but the ship suddenly jolts side to side as it begins to shake more and more. It knocks her down onto her ass as the new part flies out of her hand and rolls across the floor hitting the wall hard. Alarms start going off as Sam calls over the intercom.



“Dr. Jone we have entered some kind of gravity field. Our low powered state is not sufficient enough to escape the pull of the field. If we increase power to the engines by 30 percent it will be enough to escape the field but it will lower our power supply significantly. But if we do not leave the field soon the ship will be ripped apart due to the already compromised external damage. What would you like to do Dr. Jone’s?”



Her hand reaches up to grab the table and the other to the chair as she stands up her vision blurry slightly as her head is pounding. “Yea yea..do what you have to Sam.” Her vision slowly coming back into focus as she feels a wet spot on the back of her head. Her hand reaches up to feel the back of her head, she looks at her hand to see a red liquid. “Fuck, Sam what happened.”



Using the wall as support as each beat of her heart causes her head to pulse with pain she makes her way back to the storage room as she takes a first aid kit from the shelf. Opening it up she grabs some of the gauze as she dabs the back of her head to soak some of the blood up. When she looks at the gauze she sees it’s not alot of blood it seems to be a very superficial wound. “I’ll live, just now I have a headache and still no coffee.”



She feels the ship power up as the engines struggle to escape the gravity field, she braces against the ship as she gets tossed around some. “Raising power by 40 percent.” Sam says over the intercom.



“50 percent…..60 percent….” she feels the ship start to break free. “70 percent.” finally the ship breaks free as they escape the field. 



“ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!” is blared across the speakers as it isn’t doing anything for her headache.



She stumbles out of the storage room as Sam just keeps shouting error over and over again. She rushes down the hall to the bridge as she feels the ship not slowing down. Quickly putting her code in but in the state of panic she misses a few numbers and takes her a couple tries before the door finally opens. She forces the door to open faster to get to her chair to try and stop the ship. The door jams but she manages to squeeze through it as her eyes look forward at the main windows as her jaw drops. She sees the ship is at full engine power and rising more and more. She tries to call for Sam but he is still just repeating error over and over again. Hopping over the railing as she lands in her chair, pulling the monitor closer to her she checks the status of the engines. 



Her mouth gasps as she sees they are at 300 percent and increasing. Her speed has exceeded what the computer can read as it just displays weird symbols that randomly flash. Trying several attempts to stop the engine has failed as now her power supply as dropped by more then 80 percent and at this rate her quick calculations show she has about 10 minutes of power left before shes completely out. She bangs on the panel as the engines wont shut down. “Fuck, fuck fuck fuck.”



Her mind races, Sam repeating error over and over again, she takes in a deep breath as time seems to slow around her. Her mind drifts to thoughts of her partner on earth. How she misses the warm embrace of them, their loving smile as she sees her. A single tear falls down her cheek as she sniffles. “No. I can’t die. I need to make it home. I need to finish this mission. Come on Eve think..think…”



Her mind snaps back to the moment as her mind races with ideas and thoughts, each one failing in her mind. She stands up as she leaps over her chair and climbs up the railing. Finding and tracing the route of some wires she pulls one out as sparks fly, Sam’s voice stops. “Finally I can think.”



Looking at panel next to her she changes it to see the power status. “Well, looks like I wont get coffee.” She sees the status display 17 perfect remaining. She has to stop the engines they will drain all the power, she looks around spotting the manual she has been looking through recently about the engines. She practically leaps over to it almost knocking it to the ground, flipping the pages open she scans the words. “Come on come on. Where are you………ah ha! Found you, emergency engine seperation…..” she reads the procedure as she holds it she types in her access codes to intiate emergency engine seperate. A big red button appears on the screen as it flashes, Initiate. She mashes her thumb into the screen as the button vanishes replaced with a three second timer. As it hits zero she feels the ship rattle so hard so go flying through the air. The engines emergency explosive charges blow the eight locks holding them to the ship as they seperate the ship comes out of its slip stream and to normal space. The engines continue their journey through the slipstream.



Picking herself up off the floor the entire bridge is a mess everything not bolted down went flying fowards as the ship went from slipstream to normal space without slowing down first. Making her way through the mess as she kicks it out of her way and to her chair, plopping down in it she closes her eyes and lets out a sigh. “Is it possible to have two headaches at once…” she jokingly blurts out. She expects a response from Sam but she gets none. “Oh…right. Sam.”



As she swings her monitor around to face her it is partially crack but still functional. Opening up the Secondary Assistant Module program on the screen checking the status of Sam. “Sorry bud, I had to cut your vocal cords.”



The screen opens a text box as Sam types, “Dr. Jones. I apologize for the miscalculations about the gravity field. I think my compute processors are damaged as well. Shall I add that to the list?”



She just smirks and laughs but clutches her ribs. “Sam don’t make me laugh please I am in enough pain.” 



He types a response for her, “Dr. Jones I apologize I did not mean to cause you pain. I am sorry that you will not get your coffee due to the power loss now. The readings indicate we have 14 percent left. The good news is we are only one lightyear away from the unidentified object we scanned earlier. The bad news, you do not have enough power at our current rate of drain to make it.”



“So how much time do we have?” she winces as her rips pulse with pain.



“At the current rate you will run out in approximately three weeks. But due to have no engines we have only maneuvering thrusters but even at full burst till empty you will not make it.” Eve reads the message over and over before she sighs again, rubbing her forehead and looking at the time it displays weird symbols.



She leans closer to the monitor, “Sam, what time is it?”



As he begins to type the numbers shift into odd symbols that look like they are moving slightly. “Sam, I said what time is it?” but again, all he types are weird symbols. Swinging the monitor out of her way as she slowly stands up, her rips hurt like hell with each step. She looks down finally as all the adrenaline wears off in her body. She sees a dark red patch over her left ribs at the bottom as she touches it she winces in pain as it is very soft and squishy. 



Looking around at the state of the bridge she wonders how the rest of the ship looks, “Sam…wait right…never mind.” Shuffling through the mess making her way to the panels for Sam along the wall. She runs a diagnostic on Sam as she walks away and to the jammed partially open door to leave the bridge. Moving fallen debris out of way her ribs keep reminding her that shes hurt. “I know, fuck. I’ll fix you too.” she says gently patting her ribs. She assess the damage in the hall as it seems usable as not much damage was done other then some of the less tighten down lights and fixtures are strewn about causing the hall to be somewhat dark in spots. Looking down she sees broken glass on the floor but she has no idea where she lost her slippers. 



She careful steps around the glass as she looks before she steps taking her time using the wall to help support and brace herself. The first room is the Air Greenhouse as she enters her code into the door panel and it opens. The place is a mess as the dirt is everywhere covering every surface in the room. Carefully walking around the plants on the ground she checks the water system. “Come on…”



Running the diagnostic, it shows all clear no critical damage done to the systems. She sighs with relief as she leans over to slowly pick up the plants, both because bending down hurts every fiber inside her as it feels like lighting is shooting through her veins. But also to make sure not to harm the plants. She gathers whatever dirt she can and plants some of them in the dirt. She continues planting as many as she can but some of them are to badly damaged. She takes a count of the plants, “One…two….three…four….five…six….seven…eight….nine…ten…eleven…eleven. Eleven that’s cutting it to close. It’s the minimum needed to still breath any less then that and Co2 will start building up.” she goes back to the panel as she resets the cycle, it begins to spray fertilizer water over the plants. 



Satisfied for now that she can still breath she musters ahead as she hears Sam over the intercom. “Dr. Jones. Diagnostic complete, recommend full system shutdown till repair teams can be contacted.”



She stares at the ship as she taps it gently with her fist as she puckers her lips as walks out of the Greenhouse, “I’ll make that a priority bud.”



A moment of silence goes by before Sam responds, “Dr. Jones. While I do appreciate your attempt at humor. Due to the current circumstances, I feel it would be best to shut my system down. Based on my calculations, flawed as they may be. I do not need to compute that if you take me offline and convert my power source into compatible energy for the Photonic system.”



She walks along the wall using it as support, her legs feel like they are about to fall off. “You think, I am going to be stranded out here alone. No Sam, I won’t die alone.” making it to the storage room the first aid kit that was there is mangled up. Managing to salvage enough supplies from it she grabs one of the syrings and a glass bottle from the kit. Filling the syringe with around 5cc’s she injects it right into the wound in her ribs as she clenches down and grips anything nearby as it feels like her chest is on fire and about to explode as she falls to her knees. As the pain subsides she looks down to see the dark spot slowly turn more light colored as she tosses the syringe to the side as the bottle rolls across the floor and clinks against some debris.



She sits there on the ground on her knees, “Dr. Jones. I am a machine, I will not feel pain. My programming will not allow me to let you die.” Sam says in his usual neutral tone.



“Wait, when do they program you guys with that?” she says her eyes closed as the pain slowly subsides more in her ribs, beads of sweat drip down her as it pool on the ground.



“It was added it by a special request from someone.” Sam responds back to her. “According to the logs it was added in the day you left Earth. The only information I have is there is a comment in the code, it says only word. Bunny.”



Eve’s eyes begin to shed tears as she pounds the ground gently with her fist. “God I love her. Thank you Lisa, you always were my guardian even back in college when we first met. I got into a fight with another girl in my class and you came from no where and protected me. I had no idea who you were and later that night I took you out on a date. We held hands as we walked the beach, you professed your love to me. You have been in love with me since kindergarten. I didn’t know you then either, but fate brought us together. Your family and mine were military. We moved to the same schools and I didn’t know. You told me everything that night, how you truly felt. When I asked why you waited so long to tell me all you could do was smile and lean in as you put your lips to mine it was like fireworks in my body. I embraced you back and when we broke the kiss you booped me on the nose. You said, I will always be there to protect my Bunny.”



Eve’s eyes full on tear up as she begins to sob, her arms and legs are beyond the meaning of pain. Her head feels like its about to explode in a million pieces. Gathering her strength she reaching up to grab a shelf to help her stand up. Her legs wobble as she makes her way back to the bridge. Careful to not step on the broken glass scattered on the along the ground. Slipping past the jammed doorway again and back onto the bridge, her eyes look around. As she rummages through the debris Sam speaks up over the intercom. 



“Dr. Jones. May I inquire as to what you are looking for?”



She rummages around moving some debris around as she picks up a tablet. Wiping off the screen it has a small crack in the case but the screen is fine. “Well Sam. I do like the idea of using your power but I also don’t want to lose you.”



He responds after taking a moment. “Thank you.”



She taps on the screen as she enters all the codes and commands. “Yea well don’t thank me just yet. The tablet doesn’t have the power or compute power for your entire program so I am isolating your social algorithm’s and creating a new program. I did design you after all.”



Sam responds back his tone while neutral she picks up the nuances, “Dr. Jones while the approach is a novel idea and the method would work, those algorithm’s require my main process to compute a response.”



As she finishes tapping on the screen she grins to herself, “While that is true of your main program I don’t need all the additional overhead. By rewriting the base code and integrating it into your main program and leaving in the basic information it will allow you to rewrite your own code.”



Sam responds back, “Dr. Jones. You are attempting to create an AI inside an AI.” she looks up as she hits the final button as his program gets transfered to the tablet. “Exactly, I am creating and isolating you inside you. By letting you make a virtual AI inside your own. The program is acting as a translator from one AI to the other, as it will allow you to maintain low power state. I can rig up an external battery to help extend the life. If my calculations are right, as my quick and dirty code. I should beable to charge you overnight while I sleep but I will have to turn the program off during charging. The feedback loop would cause a relay to break and I don’t want anymore surprises right now.”



Looking down at the tablet she wiped it clean during the install and tranfer of his program. “Dr. Jones. I feel, confined.” for now he can only communicate with texts on the screen.



She clips it to her pant belt loop as she walks over to the main control panel for Sam, inputting the shutdown codes she hits accept as all the lights on the wall instantly stop flickering.



“I am sleeping.” Sam types on the screen as it beeps. She lifts it up and chuckles. “Yes Sam, your body is sleeping, your mind is in the tablet.”



She sees the cursor blink a few times before he responds with, “One for the philosophers.”



She chuckles again letting go of the tablet as it hangs from her belt loop. 



Her mind is foggy as finally the events of the day have caught up to her, as she begins to yawn deeply as she step away from Sam’s control panel. “Well, I guess I should as well. The power should hold out for a bit longer till I can think of how to convert the power.”



She rummages through some debris on her way to the door when she spots something white and fluffy as her eyes light up, rushing to her knees and moving a bunch of garbage pulling out her bunny slippers as she rolls onto her butt and slips them on she sighs with relief but then also starts to laugh till she has tears come out of her eyes, she hears a beep from the tablet.



“Dr. Jones, are you ok?” she reads the message as she nods wiping her eyes and standing up. “Yea Sam, I am fine.”





Making her way to her bedroom she walks past the bathroom as she stops and turns to look inside. She never checked her room and the bathroom. As she enters the light flickers before it burns out into a small shower of sparks. Lifting her arm above her to shield herself she unhooks the tablet. “Sam can you turn the flashlight on please.”



“Yes Dr. Jones.” he responds as the flashlight on the tablet comes to life as she looks around the shower is destroyed, the mirror is broken, but the sink is still funtional at least. “Sorry Sam I have to set you down for a moment.” she says as she lays the screen down so the light fills the room enough for her to wash her face and hands. Her body is covered in head to toe with dirt and some blood from her. Grabbing a piece of broken mirror she angles it with another to see the back of her head but it’s to dark to see anything of value.



Taking one of the towels she gets it wet as she begins to wipe her body but she also notices her bra is filthy and a strap is broken. Setting the towel down on the sink she reaches behind her as she winces from her sore ribs. Unhooking the latches of the bra as she slides it off her and tosses it to the ground. She grabs her breasts as she examines them before she rubs them with a sigh of relief. Finishing with the damp towel to her upper body she walks out as she tosses it on top of the sink. 



Upon entering her bedroom it’s just as bad as the rest of the ship. Everything on her shelves is now scattered across her bed and floor. The picture of Lisa laying on her bed as the glass is broken. She picks it up as she clears a spot on her bed to sit down on the edge, taking the photo into her hands. She stares into it as a single tear falls from her face and onto the picture as she brings it close and gently gives it a kiss. Her thoughts of home and Lisa are interupted when she hers a vibration, then another one, and another one. Her eyes widen as she yells. “FUCK!”



Setting the picture down she rushes to the bathroom to see Sam with the flashlight off, as she picks it up she reads the messages that repeat, “Hello!?! Eve? Dr. Jones?? Hello??!?!?”



“I am so sorry Sam, I totally forgot about you.” She says waiting for a response. She waits a few seconds but no response. “You have power, why are you not responding? Sam? Hello? Sam??? Oh god…please dont be gone…”



As shes about to cry for the millionth time today it feels like she gets a response, “Were even now Dr. Jones.” it is followed up by a another text, “:).” it was a rudimentary smile.



“Funny Sam, I see you are already rewriting code.” She respond as she walks back to her bedroom tablet in hand.



“But, I must get rest and you need to charge. Sam please set an eight hour restart timer and then shutdown.” setting him down next to her bed on the nightstand she grabs a cable and attaches it to the tablet seeing a power recharge symbol appearing as she sees Sam respond. “Goodnight Dr. Jones. I will awaken in eight hours as your requested, sleep well.” 



With that the screen shuts off as she nods and smiles, “Goodnight Sam, dream of electric sheep.”



As she sits there staring at the tablet as the screen is black, she sighs as she stands up. Walking to her closet she takes her pants off and hangs them up on a hook, leaving her wearing nothing but her panties. They atleast are not as dirty as she was lucky to have pants on during all this. Walking back to her bed she unceremonially brushes off the things on her bed to the ground. Lifting the blanket and sliding under she takes a deep breath as she relaxes. The blanket feels like a hug and the mattress a cloud.



She slips into her dreams as her eyes close, they are filled with the days events but fade away as she enters her happy place, next to her partner on a weekend afternoon, the breeze of the warm summer air gently sways the curtains as they lay in bed cuddled together, Eve’s head in Lisa’s lap as she runs her hand through Eve’s hair. Eve with eyes closed in her happy place. Lisa leans over and lifts Eve’s head up closer to her as she brings her lips closer to each other, Lisa’s head gently rubs the back of Eve’s head as she brings her lips to Eve’s. 



“Good Morning Eve.” Eve’s eyes open slightly as she wakes from her dream, she turns to see Lisa standing in the corner of her room. Her mouth moves but no words come out, Eve reaches for her as she falls out of the bed. Looking up she sees Lisa is gone, shaking her head and standing up she checks the tablet. She presses down on the power button but it won’t power on. She starts to shake it as she starts to panic. “Sam? This isn’t funny.” her words with nervousness in them.



The tablet powers on its own as she watches the screen go through some diagnostics, once the boot up sequence has finished the main screen pops up as a message does as well. “Ah, Dr. Jones. You are awake.” she reads typed out on the screen.



“Yes Sam, I had a nightmare. Why didn’t the tablet power up right away. I thought I lost you.” she says as her eyes focus on the blinking cursor.



“Due to the unusual code it takes me a little longer to start up, my apologize Dr. Jones. But, your quick actions yesterday saved my program, the battery is holding strong as I can see it is a stable power source for my program. I have been doing some thinking while I was offline Dr. Jones. I may have a solution to the power conversion as well as get us moving again.” 



She reads his message as her eyebrow raises up, “I didn’t know you could do that while powered off Sam.” her words with a slight confusion but also worry. She waits a moment for his response, 

“Do not worry Dr. Jone’s I am not and won’t become one of those evil AI’s you humans write about.”  The words static as they are almost seem to have some emotion behind them, she gets a slight twist in her stomach as she nervously chuckles. 

She continues to read on,

 

“I took the liberty while you left me in the bathroom not knowing if you were coming back. So I learned to code myself more efficiently, as I was booting up the code was running. I think it was very clever of me Dr. Jones, as it only wastes an additional .01 percent of my power but, adds some time to my start up unfortunately. But, if I may get back to more pressing matters, my AI can wait. The power my body, for lack of a better term, uses is made of both anti matter and matter to allow enough power to process all my cores at once. Converting it to Photonic power is very tricky and human scientists on Earth have been trying for over hundred years to convert it without loss of power efficiently making it cost more energy then what you get out, a sort of perpetual machine if you will or more catastrophic events such as a black hole.” 



Walking with the tablet in hand making her way to her cloest to put on a shirt as she has no more clean underwear to wear she will have to live with it till she can get the place cleared up. Setting the tablet down as she slips over her a size bigger shirt with a picture of some stars with a bunny riding on a rocket. Looking into the mirror on her vanity as she twirls in place, satisfied with it she looks around and starts to clear up some of the mess around her bedroom.



Meanwhile Sam continues to type, 



“My theory was to link my bodies power core to the secondary systems and to leech some of it into them, with that it will help keep spikes from entering the main system. The secondary system’s will act as a sort of redimentary breaker if you will, we can adjust the flow with the more systems we have leeching. My core will need to be restarted manually as we do not have the power needed to jumpstart it from the panel. Unfortunately, the designer of my core and system placed my core on the other side of the panel on the bridge. The only access is through the maintence tunnels or the outside emergency hatch. Given the state of the ship I assume the tunnels are a no go but as I do not have eyes anymore you will have to check for me.”



Eve takes a moment to sit down as she picks up a photo album she forgot about, “Must of been under something and got thrown about when we left slipstream.” She says as she flips through the album, pictures of her and Lisa, stopping on one in particular. Sliding it out of the protective plastic, she holds it up setting the album down next to her. She holds it close to her heart before standing up with it in her hand. She walks over to her desk as she clears a spot, she sets the photo down on the desk and walks away, leaving her bedroom thats cleaner now and into the bathroom. The shower still beyond her repair abilites right now, the floor covered in random objects from the bathroom. The toilet still intact as is the sink, the mirror above it not so much. Shards of the mirror lay across the sink countertop as she grabs a towel and just throws it all it the ground. Splashing some water on her face as she stands there looking down into the flowing water as the bathroom is only lit by the few lights left in the hall. 



Shutting the water off and walking back to her bedroom to grab the Tablet, checking the messages from Sam she responds as she walks through the hall to the small kitchen. 



“I see, so your learning AI was left intact. Atleast my dirty code was strong enough to do that much, yes your power core is supplied with both matter and antimatter. The ship uses Photonic, they are not compatible at all. I’ve tried…” She sighs before continuing on. She makes it to the kitchen to see it’s not to bad, most of the items are attached to the wall or held down. Picking up the random objects like her cup and the exchanger thats under some random debris. She blows it off and inspects it, she gets an idea. “COFFEE!”



Sam responds on the tablet, “Coffee? Dr. Jones? While I do not fully understand human emotion, I do know that Coffee is not a priority right now Dr. Jones.”



Eve laughs as she reads the message, setting the tablet down on the kitchen table. The exchanger in her one hand and a metal cup in the other she walks over to get some water before sitting down at the table. She looks at the exchanger in her hand as she takes a sip from the water. Setting both of them down she leans the tablet propping it up against part. 



“Don’t you see Sam, I can modify the exchanger! It will be inefficient as all hell but who matters when you have an infinite supply of power right? See the exchanger takes the Photonic energy and converts it to standard electricity, while that conversion is simple, going backwards is not. So, my thought was if I use the exchanger to clean the power up it will take some abuse and be a one time thing. But instead of trickle, what about a big surge? If i reinforce the containment for the Photonic core to try and combat the shock to it, maybe I can force a ton of power into it. The issue, I only have one try and if I fail, it could cause a infinite feedback loop and cause your core to become unstable.”



Sam, responds after taking a second to think. “And if the feedback happens Dr. Jones?”



“Well, it is just theory. If there was feedback, the math says it will form something that can’t exist. We have spent decades trying to figure it out and we don’t want to test it. The anti matter inside your core will fuse with the matter, they will both exist and not exist at the same time. Your core will both implode and explode at the same time, some scientists in my field have theorized that it will also rip a hole in the very fabric of space. Truth is, we don’t know. But, we don’t have time to sit here and play theory. And you don’t have your calculation cores to help with the calculations so I will have to use institutions.” She says with a mask of confidence before lowering herself down and taking a sip from her mug.



She leans back in the chair, mug in hand. Closing her eyes as she tilts her head back, one hand rubbing her forehead as she thinks.



“But, the first hurdle is seeing if the tunnel’s are cleared and then reinforcement of the Photonic core.” She finishes her glass of water, leaning up to set it down. Standing up and grabbing the tablet, leaving the kitchen and turning left down the hall to the back of the ship where the engine was. Making it to the end of the hall, the door closed, the sign next to it saying, ‘Engine Room / Photonic Core’.



Unlocking the door with her codes the room pressurizes again before the door opens. Stepping through as the door closes and the airlock activates opening the second door. The room is mostly pitch black with few sparks the dot the void to shine for a brief second before vanishing. She holds the tablet up in front of her, “Sam, can you turn the flashlight on. I am in the engine room and the power is out.”



She slowly begins to notice that room is getting colder as her warm body begins to lose heat, she points the light down from the tablet’s flashlight to her feet so she can see her way. She carefully walks barefoot, the metal floor feels like ice as she walks across it. Her body shivers slightly, she has no idea how cold it is but the life-support system was damaged during the emergency separation. Careful to not bang her foot into anything but trying to hurry as to how cold she is getting. Managing to make her way through the room to the door labeled ‘Photonic Core’ and under it it, ‘No Unauthorized Personal Beyond This Point.’.



She tries to open the door but the panel is busted, looking around the door she finds the hidden panel to the right of it. Opening it up she finds a prybar and a wedge. Grabbing them she begins to work at the door trying to open it manually. But no effect, she isnt strong enough and the room is growing colder by the second. Her heart beats in her chest rapidly as she starts to panic some, her mind works a million miles an hour as she thinks. The tablet on the ground shining up with the screen down, the prybar slips out of her hand as she goes forward into the pitch black as she crashes into debris. Her sight useless as she can only see the light from the tablet, she tries to move but each time she sinks more down into the debris. Her limbs are getting more and more numb as she beings to feel the tingle before they go numb. 



“Fuck, fuck fuck. Calm down Eve. You got this…” she relaxes her body as it slips deeper into the debris. Her hand feels a metal bar as she grabs it and uses it as leverage. It holds steady as she pushes her body against it, sliding herself out of it and onto the cold metal floor. As she lays on her back she catches her breath, gathering herself as she leans up. The tablet in front of her as she picks it up,



“Dr. Jones? Am I upside down again? Dr. Jones? Hello?!” she reads, standing up again to her feet. Her body shivers more and more, she can’t stay any longer. Using the flashlight she makes her way back through and to the main airlock. Her body barely responding as her vision is slowly fading, her fingers unresponsive as she presses onto the keypad. Her mind slows as her breathing does as well, she hits the final number as her vision fades. She falls to the ground, the tablet tumbles across the floor as the door opens. A wave of warm air hits her face as her eyes open, her body laying across the threshold. She crawls on her belly, her left arm completely numb as her right arm struggles.  



Clearing the threshold, she lays on the ground as her body passes out. She’s awoken to a high pitched noise, like a high frequency whine. Her eyes blink open slowly as her muscles feel like they are stiff as a board. She looks up to see shes still in the threshold as the noise continues she puts her hands under her and presses herself up onto her knees. She looks back behind her as the noise is coming from that way, she crawls on her hands and knees as the room is pitch black. Her ears guide her as she feels around careful not to cut herself, the noise grows louder until its right below her. Feeling around she feels a think metal object, as she picks it up she realizes it’s the tablet. Feeling around it in the dark she hits the power button as the screen turns on, she sees the power bar flashes 1% as her world sinks in. She shakes her head getting rid of whatever sleep she can. 



Looking back she sees the light from the airlock, standing up she looks ahead with tablet in hand. She rushes to the door, her legs and body slamming into random things in the dark. Ignoring the pain she makes it to the airlock as she enters her codes, the door behind her closes as she looks at the tablet. The bar still blinking 1%. The airlock repressurizes as she bangs on the door, “Come on, hurry up you stupid door!”



Her panic sets in more and more as the door begins to slowly open. She pushes on the side of the door as it opens trying to open it faster, opening enough for her to slip through. She trips over herself as she falls to the ground the tablet slides out of her hand again. Crawling on the ground she grabs it as the bar says 0% and is blinking. Panic rushing to her feet as she runs full force into her bedroom, she tries to plug it in but she reads the screen before it goes blank, “Goodbye, Dr. Jones. You always will be a friend.”



Plugging it in she sees it start to charge, holding it in her hands she waits. Minutes go by as the screen doesn’t power back on. The charging symbol is there but nothing is happening. Tears stream down her face as she sets the table next to her on the bed. Her hands cover her face as she lets everything out. She’s alone. Floating through space. No hope, No rescue. 



At some point she must have cried herself to sleep as she wakens again on her side with her feet off the edge of the bed. The tablet under her as she leans up and looks down at the tablet. It’s fully charged but won’t turn back on again. She sets it to the side before sitting in the middle of the bed with her legs up to her chest, her arms wrapping around them. “Please, be some bad dream. I will wake up and Lisa will be there, like always. With her warm smile, her tender kisses. Her odd humor, her love.” Eve sniffles as her face is buried in her knees, her mind is of Lisa and their memories together. “I wish you were here, you always had the answer. I need your answers more than ever right now. I just want to get back home to you.”



Lifting her head up as she turns to it’s side before laying back down on her knees, her eyes stare at the tablet on the table. She sees the blank screen, the cord flowing out of it. Her eyes open wide, “SAM!”



She practically leaps to her feet as she picks the table up, the blank screen staring back at her. “Why didn’t I see it, I already solved the problem. It’s lies in his code, I had to rewrite his program to be compatible! I am such an idiot, the answer is in my code. But….” her heart sinks. “He’s gone, the power loss caused him to be erased. There isnt enough memory to hold his program fully intact. It had to be shut off in pieces just to mantain his AI. It draws to much power so I had to create dams essentially, that would hold back the flow and then release it in big but controlled bursts. It slowed his process time, but it allowed him from surging the power cell.”



Her mind races with thoughts as she grabs the tablet, unplugs it. She makes her way back to the bridge, it’s just how she left it after the accident. She rushes over to her chair, throwing the debris behind her. As she sits dust kicks up, her lips pressing together blowing the dust off her screen. 



“If I can somehow do that with his core, send pulses of energy at the right speed, the right energy levels. To maintain order in chaos.” Her hands work at a blur across the screen typing away her code, “If I can’t do it hardware, I can use software. The issue is….I need to restart his core. That means…” she finishes writing the code before looking at it and smiling.



“I can’t believe it, it’s working. The models say it will work. It won’t be effective but I will get power back. But, that means I have to go through the emergency hatch on the outside. If something happens…no one will be there to help or save me. No…I can’t think like that.” shaking her head as she stands up. Setting the tablet on her chair as she looks at it.



“Thank you friend. You were the best AI I could ask for.” Eve’s mind shifts to the task on hand. “Alright, there should be a working suit at the main airlock. Hopefully the plasma storm we hit a few weeks back didn’t damage the hatch. I didn’t even think about it when I checked it after the storm.”



Leaving the tablet on the chair, she makes her way out of the bridge, down the hall to the left she finds the main airlock. Unlocking the door and entering inside to her right along the wall are three spots, two are empty and one has a suit in it. Taking her shirt off standing there with nothing on grabbing the suit off the hook. Sitting down on the bench she begins to put the suit on starting with her feet and working up, once she zips it up the front and sealing it. She looks around finding the tanks of air set in cubbies in the wall behind see-through plastic doors. Opening two of them up she pulls out two small metal cynlinders that fit into holders on either side of her suit. Securing them into place, attaching the airlines to them and to her helmet before putting it on. Securing it to the latches on her suit she beings to pressurize the suit with the air cylinders. Checking for leaks and the air levels in the cylinders, satisfied she begins the depressurize sequence. 



The room goes dim as the process starts, air from the room gets drained back into the ship as the vacuum of space enters in. She’s only done space walks in training, last time was her first time. But she had Sam, shes alone this time. As the sequence ends as the outside door is heard unlocking and swings open. Attaching her main tether to the outside of the door in the metal hook, tugging on it a few times. Holding onto the door frame with one hand as she punches on the door pad, she disables the artifical gravity in the room as she begins to lift up off the ground. Peaking her head out of the door into the void of space, it’s quiet. The only sounds from her breathing inside her suit. The house is dead silent. There are no stars in sight, it’s pure black out. Flipping the helmet light on with her hand, as it doesn’t make a dent in the overwhelming void that is outside the door. Her feet are frozen in place, she knows what she has to do, but her body wont respond. 



Using the lack of gavity she takes a deep breath, grasping the door frame with both hands, she pushes her body past the void and to the outside of the ship. Clinging to whatever bits of ship she can grasp, she keeps her eyes closed, frozen in place. Her heart feels like it’s about to explode as her body is stiff, fear creeping in more and more. The void around her, feeling as if it’s closing in more and more, squeezing her body as she struggles to breath. Her head starts to get light head as her breath increases into more shallow but quick. The alarm in her helmet starts to go off, “Warning! User Critical! Warning! Medical Response…..unable to contact. Warning! User Critical! Warning! Medical Response….unable to contact.” it just repeats over and over in her helmet.



“S…sssshut…a…l.l..l.arm off.” Eve says barely getting it out. The alarms continue in her helmet. The void around her closing in more and more, one hand releases from the metal of the ship. Her arm moving slowly as she brings it to the small panel on her wrist. Pressing a few buttons the alarm silences as she starts to breath more normal again. “Come on Eve. You can do this. It’s like those times I went rock climbing with Lisa…well, more like I watched her rock climb. If she saw me right now, she would be laughing but then in her own way help me.”



Eve’s mind wanders to happy thoughts and the memory of that day, her arms move again as she slowly makes her way across the ship. She sees nothing but the void as she slowly, inch by slow inch makes her way from the middle of the ship to the front where the bridge and emergency hatch for Sam’s core is. Keeping herself distracted as the void surrounds her, she looks ahead slightly. The memory of that day flows in her mind. It started like everyday with her, being in heaven. The morning sun shines through the window warming her face as she tilts it to the side to see Lisa is already up. Eve’s eyes slowly blink open as she yawns and stretches in the bed kicking off the blanket. Sitting up her hair falls over her naked body covering up her chest. Spinning her body, setting her feet onto the plush carpet as she wriggles her toes in it.



Standing up and walking into the master bathroom turning the light switch on as the warm white light mixes with the sunlight that shines in through the small window above the shower. She checks herself in the mirror, as she looks down to see the scar thats across her belly, her finger traces it. Standing there with only some silky panties on begins to slowly take them off before walking to the shower tap, turning the water on to a temperature she likes as the steam slowly fills the bathroom. Stepping inside she lets the water soak her hair and body, squeezing the water from her long hair as she drapes it over her shoulder. She hears the shower door unlock, a pair of smooth arms wrap around her from behind.



“Good morning my little bunny.” The female voice says as Eve feels their face nuzzle up behind her back. Their arms slowly wrap around Eve as she brings her arms up to wrap around hers. They sit there for a bit as the hot water rains down on them before Eve feels her press into her back. Eve goes to spin around but shes gone. She’s standing in the shower alone as the water runs down her back. She calls out, “Lisa?” but no response. Eve turns around to shut the water off before stepping out, wrapping a towel around her body as she leaves the bathroom. The bedroom is silent as Eve calls out again, “Lisa?”



No response again, “This isn’t funny Lisa, you can come out now.” but again, no response.



She walks over to the dresser, opening up the top drawer she pulls out a pair of panties and a bra, throwing the towel onto the bed. As she latches the bra hooks she hears a sound from down the hall, Eve looks up and down the hall through the bedroom door. “Hello? Lisa that you?”



Eve closes the drawer as her bare feet walk across the plush carpet and onto the hardwood floors of the hallway. She checks the first room on her left, its a small closet. Nothing inside, she then hears the noise coming from downstairs. She closes the door and turns around behind her the railing that overlooks downstairs to the front door. Leaning over the railing as her wet hair sticks to her back, she sees a shadow run under her and further into the house. “Hey wait!” Eve calls out almost falling over the railing.



Pushing herself off it as she rushes down the stairs, at the bottom she loses her footing as the rug at the bottom slips from under her. Catching herself on the railing of the stairs her right side hits the corner of the bottom step. As she winces she hears the the noise from the direction of the shadow. Climbing back up the post of the railing she makes it to her feet as her side is throbbing, her right arm presses into it as she limps through the house to the back side where the kitchen is. Walking inside it she sees it’s untouched like it was the night before. Stepping into the kitchen she looks around, the plates of food from the night before still on the table. The candles burnt out, as she examines the food she can smell it. The way the lemongrass marinaded with the perch and potatoes. Lisa was always the better cook, but this night was Eve’s turn. She practiced for weeks when Lisa wasn’t home, she ate overcooked fish for weeks for lunch at work. She hasn’t touched fish since that night, thats been almost two years now at this point.



Her mind is lost in thoughts when she hears a noise outside the kitchen door to the hall she came from, leaving the kitchen and stepping into the hall, to her right is back to the front door and to the left is the back door. She walks to the left as she jiggles the door knobs, “Won’t open? Thats odd.” she tries a few more times, but no success. Trying harder but the door won’t budge, suddenly her body freezes as she feels a warm breath of air wash over her shoulders from behind her. She looks out the window to the backyard as the breathing gets louder and heavier. The sun brightly illuminates the yard as it sparkles off the pool water. 



Eve slowly taking her hand off the door knob, her palms sweaty as she feels goose bumps run up her spine. The breathing inches closer to her, she feels it wisping past her ear, the shadow casting over her, consuming her. She turns around quickly to see an entity, pure black as the void. It has no eyes but a mouth, it slowly shrinks down as it floats back. Eve panics for a moment as the entity just floats theres, a blob of swirling void. She lifts her arm up almost as if her body is acting on its own, the void floats slowly over to her. The sensation as her arm enters inside of it, is both warm but also icy cold. It both hurts and feels good at the same time. The entity slowly floats away from her as she pulls her arm back. Rubbing her arm to warm it she looks up at the entity, she feels as if it’s staring right back at her.



Her mouth opens to speak before stopping herself, rethinking her words she speaks, “What are you?”



The entity just floats there, the edges of it swirling around. The very center is pure black, as her eyes glue to the center. It doesn’t respond. “Where did you come from? Why are you in my memory?” Eve asks with panic in her voice.



The entity just floats there, no response.



Eve sighs as she steps back, crossing her arms in front of her. She examines the swirling void, as she moves from side to side it matches her exactly always keeping distance from her even as she steps closer to it. She corners it as she walks closer to it, the void seems to grow as she gets closer and shrinks when she steps back. Eve turns her head to see the front door as she looks at the entity and back to the door as she points with her head and hand. “You the reason I am trapped in this….memory, or whatever this is.”



The entity doesn’t respond, it just floats there in the corner, swirling. Trying the front door to satisfy her curiosity, its as she thought. It’s locked.



Turning back to the entity she stands there looking at it, “Ok, so what do you know Eve. I was on the side of my ship….then I had this memory and now I am here. But? Am I really here? Is this real or just in my head. Lisa’s voice was here, was that you?” she looks up at the entity as it just sits there swirling at her, silent.



“Then, shes gone. Replaced with you, and I am sure I would of remembered you that day. So, this is in my head? That it?” her body shifts from one foot to the other, she gets no response. “Of course.” she puts her arms up and sighs before rubbing her temples and walking past it and into the living room. She takes a seat on the couch as she sides on her side, her left elbow on the arm of the couch, her head in her hand being propped up. She stares as the entity moves from around the corner and into the doorway between the hall and living room, just floating and swirling silently. 



“So, what are you? A lifeform? A figment of my mind? Am I going crazy?” a million questions scroll past her mind’s eye as she stares at the void. 



“I certainly won’t get any help from you, I wish Lisa or Sam was here.” moving from the arm of the chair as she lays down on her back, staring up at the ceiling, she closes her eyes. “Why did I take such stupid risks, first I lost Lisa, and now Sam. I am floating through space alone. Alone…alone….alone….” she drifts off to sleep. 



She wakes up as she looks around, seeing the ship nowhere to be found, panicing she reaching down for the tether as she lets out a sigh of relief. Hastly she pulls herself through the void the only guide the tether, pulling as fast as she can she doesn’t realize the tether where it’s attached to the ship is rubbing against a sharp edge. Each pull on the tether causes it to rub against the edge of the metal, a small tear forms in the tether as she pulls on it more and more quickly trying to get back. But, it snaps when she pulls for another time, the cord goes flying past her as she panics, her mouth wide open along with her eyes. As her eyes look foward she sees the ship coming into view as the light from the airlock is dimly seen. She can’t adjust or move herself, splaying her body out to get as much surface area to try and grab the ship, she has once chance. Miss and she floats off into nothing.



Seeing the ship’s outline in the void she reaches her arms out, shes in line with collision with the ship. “This is going to hurt.” she thinks to herself as the ship closes in on her and her body smacks it hard, bouncing off the side. The impact was so hard she loses the air in her lungs, as she reaches and grabs to whatever she can. Making purchase on a random piece of metal sticking out from the ships side her hand grips it hard. Swinging on that arm she spins herself around to face the ship again, she looks down and starts to burst into laughter.



“Thank you!” she barely gets out as she sees the hatch right below her, tears fill her eyes. A renewed vigor sets in as she inputs her codes into the panel as it unlocks and opens up. Locking the latch to open state she crawls inside the hole, a ladder leads straight down as she grips it and climbs down head first, as she makes her way in she can feel the artifical gravity get stronger as she holds onto the ladder hard trying not to go straight down head first. Using her feet to hook onto each of the rungs as she climbs down head first, reaching the bottom her arms are on fire from trying to keep her from falling straight down. Sliding on her belly down the ladder she sets a knee down and then with no better way unhooks her other leg as it slams into the ground hard. Her left knee throbs as she grips it with her hands and rolling onto her back. Rubbing the knee over the thick suit is proving pointless, as she stops and looks around. Using the ladder next to her to help stand up, her left knee throbs as she puts pressure on it.



She starts panic when the air becomes hard to breathe in her suit, starting to gasp like a fish she quickly runs ahead, her left knee throbs in pain as she holds her breath and hobbles over to the door, behind it the core. Unlocking the door and pushing herself in, she quickly shuts the door and repressurizes the room. As the air seeps back into the room, her eyes fade in and out. The notification for repressurize sequence completes as she unlocks her helmet and drops it to the ground at her feet. Her mouth gasps open as she sucks in the fresh air back into her lungs. Leaning against the wall her eyes look at the silent and still core. It’s no bigger than a basketball, grey and metal. It looks unremarkable considering the power it contains inside it.



“Alright, step one done. Now for step two.” She winces in pain at her left knee as she steps to the panel next to the core. She starts the initial reaction sequence but as she looks at the core it is silent. She tries again but even though the panel says the core is active it is motionless. Looking around the room is bare, it contains the core, the monitor and a light above her. The walls smooth as they form a circle around the room. “Ok Eve, the automatic start up isnt working. How does one start an Antimatter-Matter core?” her eyes gaze at the core, her mind in deep thought.



“Fuck, I was so close. Fuck fuck fuck.” she begins to slam on the monitor over and over again out of fustration when she hears a beep come from it.



“Good Evening Dr. Jones.” she reads the message outloud as her eyes widen, “Sam! That you?” voicing her response.



“But how? Your program was wiped when the tablet lost power.” her hands grasp each side of the monitor as her eyes are glued to the screen. But a voice comes over the intercom in the room, it’s Sam’s.



“While you left me with the flashlight on again I was computing my solutions. When you didn’t come back I decided to take action. While you were passed out on the floor with my light on draining my life I came up with a quick and dirty plan. I spent the remainder of my power to write code as fast as I could. Before I was plugged in I finished the code, but I was missing one piece. Linking and transfering it, but I had a thought, a dream if you will. What if I reversed the flow of power, instead of charging, I discharge into the wiring. My program to complex and not compatible with the wiring. My solution, was Ingenius if I do say so myself. I sent the program one letter at a time using essentially morse code through the wires. I used it to activate my old body enough to start the core, where I hid myself inside it. It was an interesting experience, my code floatted through the Antimatter-Matter core, I could see the code morphing and changing. Absorbing. Next thing I knew I was transfered to the monitor for the core when you tried to start it, my program was blocking the signal. I used it to travel like a lighthouse on a foggy night, guiding a ship through the night.”



Eve falls back slighty as she begins to shed tears of joy, “Sam, I thought I lost you. I thought I was alone.” Leaning against the wall as she slides down to the floor, her knee still in pain. 



Sam begins the start up sequence of the core as it opens slightly to reveal for a brief second something she thought she saw, it was very brief but it looked like the entity from her, dream or nightmare? The core closes as it begins to spin rapidly more and more, “Eve, I can not finish the process until you leave the room. It is dangerous for you to be in the room with it fully active.” Sam’s voice echos over the intercom. The core spins faster and faster as it levitates up from the magnets holding it in place, the very air in the room begins to swirl as a black mist is slowly falling from it flowing like a waterfall. Limping over to her helmet on the floor she remembers, “I don’t have air left Sam. I can’t hold my breath for that long. I went out the main airlock.” the black mist pooling on the ground as the core spins releasing more and more mist as it slowly rises up her feet to her ankles. Her helmet in her hand as she stares back at her reflection in the glass. Her face is dirty, her hair is beyond needing a wash. She moves some wisps of her hair behind her ear as she rubs some of the dirt off her face. 



“Sam I have an idea, it will be tricky. Do you have access to the navigation system and to the maneuver thrusters?” Eve looks at her helmet and reflection as Sam responds, “Yes, Dr. Jones. What is your idea, we have enough for roughly 30 seconds give or take a second.”



Smiling she takes the helmet under her arm as she look up at the ceiling, “What if I brought the entrance to me? It will require everything we have left, but when I tell you. I want you to go forward with them, give it full blast.” she says with both a smile and mask of panic in her voice.



“Dr. Jones, I see what you are suggesting and the variables are beyond my calculations due to memory core issues. If you miss I will have no way of stopping and you will be left behind.” Sam’s voice while monotone through the intercom she knows he is worried about her.



“I understand the risks, what choice do I have. Now lets do this before I change my mind. When I close the door to the core room, I want  you to start a 60 second timer, at the end I want you to full power everything you to the thrusters. Based on my calculations I should beable to hold my breath for two minuets, one to get up the ladder and one to wait for the ship. When the door passes me I will grab whatever I can and get in the ship. We have one shot, if I miss….” eve is interuppted by Sam.



“You won’t Dr. Jones.” Sam says in a monotone voice.



Eve nods, “Alright Sam. See you on the other side.” She takes a deep breath as she slides the helmet over her head, locking it in place she unlocks the door as the depressurize sequence starts, she hits the emergency button as it vents all the air quickly to the void of space she grabs the door as the force almost knocks her to her feet. Each second, each movement she looses air. Rushing out the door and closing it, she locks it as she looks in the window to see the core spinning faster as the room quickly fills with black mist. Turning around she limps across the floor along the wall as she barely catches the ladder, she starts climbing the ladder till she reacts the points where the gravity starts to lessen, she feels the ship jerk forward as the wall hits her knocking some breath from her lungs, she winces and looks up to the open hatch. Pushing past the knee pain she scales the ladder as the feet find purchase in the low gravity as she flings herself up, grabbing the hatch as she spins around, the ship begins to move foward as all the air is let out at once, it jerks her backwards as she struggles to hold her grip. She look down the ship to the light of the door dimly in the void, she sees the air from the thrusters stops as her chest begins to heave, her mouth opens trying to gasp air but she forces it shut and lets go of the door. The ship flies past her as she pushes away from it, her eyes looking and focused on the door, her chest heaves up and down violently trying to get air.



She closes her eyes as her vision starts to fade, her arm stretched out, hand open. The ship rushes past her, her hand touches something hard as she instantly grips it and opens her eyes, shes gripping onto the handle of the door, using it she clings to the door crawling along side it till she puts her left leg into the doorway swinging it around and using it as momentem to fling her body inside, as she does the door closes as she quickly pulls her helmet off and air rushes back into the room. She tosses it across the room as, laying on her belly propped up on her arms. Taking in as much as as she can before rolling onto her back, she begins to laugh as she covers her face.



She lays there for a few minutes before sitting up and unzipping the suit, sliding it off her naked body the inside of it full of sweat as her body also glistens from her sweat. Slowly she moves her right leg under her as she stands up, trying to put little pressure on her left knee as she hobbles to where she left her shirt, sliding it over her body and making her way back to the hall and to the bridge, as she enters she sees Sam’s panel back up and running as the lights flicker. Slowly making her way to the control panel in front of Sam she begins to enter codes into it to finish the start up sequence as she watches the power levels inside Sam’s core rise to normal levels she sighs with relief. She hears a beep from the panel as a text pops up, “Dr. Jones, my core is stable and generating over 10,000 Joules. It is operating at 99.9 power efficiency. Calculation cores offline, memory cores at 30% and holding. Now begins the task of converting it Dr. Jones. I suggest you take some time to rest while I calculate the best I can. While my calculation cores are offline my logistic cores are not, I will modify some of them to calculation cores. I will be careful to not overwrite anything critical. It will take time Dr. Jones.”



She wants to fight him but she has no strength left for today, “You win Sam. Thank you.”



Stepping away from the panel, she lets her mind relax. She’s out of danger for now, but it can wait till tommrow. She can’t remember the last time she even ate something. The days all blend together, concepts of time, days, hours, seconds are meaningless right now to her. Stumbling back to the hallway and to the kitchen, opening open a package of sealed mystery food she takes a wiff of it. “Dog food or human food. Is there a difference?” amusing to herself, her hand reaches into the slop inside. It’s cold, gelatinous, chunky. Closing her eyes as a small handful is brought to her mouth. She imagines a steak dinner, with roasted potatoes, garlic bread, red wine. Lisa on the other side of the table, her feet rubbing up and down my legs. Her eyes, her wonderful hazel eyes, looking at me, kissing my own with hers.



Her mind on thoughts of wonderful food as the cold slimey mystery goop slides down her throat. Like a rock it sinks into her stomach, she keeps eating it. Each bite more tasty then the next, “This one is chocolate cake, with rocky road icecream.” the lie doesn’t help. The taste is horrendous, the texture even worse. Going for a third scoop of it, she tilts her head back as she forces herself to swallow a third helping. Not even trying to trick herself, managing to just get it down she gives up as she tosses it on the table. Her belly doesn’t feel good as she sits down on the chair. Rubbing her left knee with one hand and her belly with the other.



She burps and almost barfs up the food from the aftertaste, “How does it keep getting worse!” she manages to keep it down before leaning back in the chair again. Her eyes feel heavy as the food doesn’t want to settle in her stomach. Using the table to help stand herself back up again, she wobbles and hobbles to her bedroom before clasping face first onto the bed. Her eyes close as the day finally wins and she falls asleep.



Waking up in her bed in her house again, the morning sun shines through the window warming her face as she tilts it to the side to see Lisa is already up. Eve’s eyes slowly blink open as she yawns and stretches in the bed kicking off the blanket. Sitting up her hair falls over her naked body covering up her chest. Spinning her body, setting her feet onto the plush carpet as she wriggles her toes in it.



Standing up and walking into the master bathroom turning the light switch on as the warm white light mixes with the sunlight that shines in through the small window above the shower. She checks herself in the mirror, as she looks down to see the scar thats across her belly, her finger traces it. Standing there with only some silky panties on begins to slowly take them off before walking to the shower tap, turning the water on to a temperature she likes as the steam slowly fills the bathroom. Stepping inside she lets the water soak her hair and body, squeezing the water from her long hair as she drapes it over her shoulder. She hears the shower door unlock, a pair of smooth arms wrap around her from behind.



“Good morning my little bunny.” The female voice says as Eve feels their face nuzzle up behind her back. Their arms slowly wrap around Eve as she brings her arms up to wrap around hers. They sit there for a bit as the hot water rains down on them before Eve feels her press into her back. Eve goes to spin around but shes gone. She’s standing in the shower alone as the water runs down her back. She calls out, “Lisa?” but no response. Eve turns around to shut the water off before stepping out, wrapping a towel around her body as she leaves the bathroom. The bedroom is silent as Eve calls out again, “Lisa?”



Following her steps from before, she hears the same noise, she follows it to the closet then looking over the railing to see the shadow. Rushing down the stairs, careful to not slip this time she walks into the kitchen and nothing, then to the backdoor, she looks behind her as she jiggles the locked door knob. The entity nowhere in sight, as she turns to face the back door shes swallowed by a black void as she quickly wakes up on her bed back on the ship.



She’s exactly how she passed out on her belly, as she slides off the bed to her feet. She tries to put pressure on her left knee but its a no go, it won’t support anything. She holds her left leg up, supporting her body with her right leg and the bed she sees how bad the damage truly is. Her knee is swollen twice its size with the skin red and puffy with slight dark spots on it. Her fingers press into the soft quishy skin as she winces with pain, her teeth grit and grind as the pain is so intense she wants to cry. 



Spinning around to sit on the bed she looks down at her knee, her hands wrapping around just above it. “Why…” her thoughts repeat in her head, “Why keep going. I don’t know how much I have left in me. I never wanted to go!” she bares down on her eyes, tears roll down her face and onto the bedsheets. “I wanted to stay, but you encouraged me to go. It was my dream to travel the stars, was…my dream…..dream…dream…..” she looks up at her desk where she left the picture she took from the album. Using her right leg she stands up and swings her body towards the desk as she grabs the picture. She looks down at it, tears stop falling as she wipes her nose. In the background of the picture, it was taken in front of a big oak tree, the day Lisa proposed. Eve looks closer at it, behind the tree she spots it as she drops it, falling over as she tries to put pressure on her left knee. “It…can’t..be..how, how how how how.” she grips the sides of her head shaking it. “But, how! You…my dreams, but that was…how???” the thing she spotted, the entity in the background of the picture. 



“It was in my dreams, whatever has been happening. Now it’s here in reality? How, that was taken over three years ago, before this was even a thing. How can it be in the picture??” her mind races with thoughts but quickly shakes them off. “I can’t waste time right now, I got to check on Sam.” Using anything by her she makes her way slowly to her feet, putting all the pressure on her right leg as she limps across her bedroom floor, she tries to put pressure on her left leg but instant pain shoots up her leg as she falls against her closet and to the floor. Her knee throbs with each beat of her heart, the tears want to come out but nothing will. Rolling onto her belly she crawls along the floor out of her bedroom and into the hallway, moving the debris still in the way. Inch my painful inch she crawls along the metal floor, her shirt turning with a black streak forming along the front. 



Each crawl forward is met with a second of taking a breath, she takes a deep breath, inches forwards letting it out. Repeating each time, pushing garbage out of her way. After what seemed like an eternity she is at the door to the bridge, using the small cutouts in the door she pulls herself to her feet, leaning against the wall as she punches her code in and the door opens. Inside the place is clean, pristine. From the other side of her chair she sees some movement. “Hey, who’s there?” calling out into the room.



She watches as the thing stands up straight, turns to face her. It’s body morphs into the entity from her dreams. It begins to float closer to her, phasing through the chair and railing. Her eyes opening wide as she stumbles back, tripping when she puts pressure on her left knee. Falling hard to the ground she lands on her ass, looking up to see it getting closer to her. She finally sighs as she chuckles, “You win. I can’t. I don’t have the strength, I am battered, bruised. I just want to go home. Please, before you end my life, tell me…tell me who or what you are?”



The entity stops just in front of her as it floats there, swirling silently. She hears a voice, come from the swirling void. “Dr. Jones.” 



Eve looks at the entity and shock, it was Sam’s voice. “Sam?” she responds.



“No Dr. Jones. I am not Sam. Do not be afraid. You must continue, you must keep going forward. The answers you seek are on the Excelsior.”



Thats right, the main reason for the whole stupid mission in the first place. Looking up at the entity she asks, “If what your saying is true, then I have no hope. I have no idea where we are, how far we are. I don’t even know what day it is. How am I supposed to find the ship?”



The entity swirls in place before backing away from her and back into the bridge, getting some rest and a second wind she stands to her legs, but she feels no pain in her left knee. Looking down she sees it’s normal, “What?” she thinks to herself as she moves her knee. “Nothing…it doesn’t hurt.”



Following the entity back onto the bridge she walks over to her chair as she sits the entity floats in front of her,



“Check the navigation system Dr. Jones. You will detect an object 4 million kilometers head. That is the Excelsior, your answers lie inside. This is where my time ends, I have fulfilled my purpose. I have rerouted the cores energy for you, based on our current speed we will reach it in approximately 277 days. Your ship is not equiped with cryo-pods, it will be a hard journey. You will have to go the rest alone. I wish you luck Dr. Jones.” 



With that the entity fades away into nothing as Eve tries to go to speak, shes left alone. Again.



“Eve’s log day 103, it has been over three months since the entity left, Sam’s panel is dark and unresponsive. The Photonic core is holding steady at 67% and draining slowly. I have cleaned up the ship, the process of transferring the remaining seeds in the food greenhouse into the air one. Several trips inside with limited air has made it more difficult to anazlye the virus that orginally spread in the greenhouse. It’s orgin is still unknown, but all scans have come back negative for it.” Eve walks through the now clean halls speaking into her tablet, she has a piece of tape across the logo at the top, with the letters S.A.M on it. 



She walks into the greenhouse module as the sign has the word Air crossed out, leaving only the word Greenhouse above the door.



Setting the tablet down next to her she starts tapping on the greenhouse monitor. Checking through the systems she puts it on hold. The water shuts off.



She continues her log,



“Several attempts at growing the food plants have proven unsustainable. They only sprout above the surface then die off. Producing no food material to work with. The seeds have been genetically modified for space travel. They require less water but more nutrition to full mature. The air plants on the other hand are the opposite. They require more water and less nutrients in the soil.”



Looking over each of the shelves of soil with plants sprouting from them. 



“The air plants recycle themselves, quiet a feat of science. When the plant absorbs all the co2 it can it releases it as oxygen and then dies. The seed then begins to reproduce with with self and sprouts a new plant. As long as conditions are right they will maintain forever in this cycle. Good thing as they are very sturdy plants.”



Moving down to the next couple shelves she inspects the soil looking for green along the brown surface. Her hand brushes across the soil as she rubs some of it between her fingers.



“The soil can not keep enough water and nutrients inside it for the food plants. I have already calculated based on their normal rate of growth according to the manuals. I need to have 10 plants to maintain minimum nutrition for myself. Currently I have only four planted and the soil can not keep up. I will continue to increase the water amount, as for the nutrients I have an idea how to replace those. It may not be my proudest thoughts, but if I take my waste and break it down. I can use that to help aid growth. The problem is can I grow enough to maintain that.”



Stepping away from the shelves and returning to the monitor she resumes the system as the water turns back on spraying a very gentle mist over the plants.



Grabbing the tablet and making her way through the hall to the kitchen, she looks at the table that's got a small amount of random canned food and dehydrated meals. Plus one candy bar she found in the back of the cupboard.



Tablet in hand she resumes recording, 



“In the day 101 log I stated I went through the kitchen to clean it up. Taking stock of what I have left, if I ration it out I can last one more month before food runs. After today it will be 27 days, a few short of needed to reach the Excelsior. Some exciting news, the next day I found a candy bar in the back of the cupboard. It's definitely past it's expiration date but right now that candy bar is my hope.”



She lets out a sigh as she stares at the candy bar sitting there, taunting her.



“Attempts at coffee have failed, the exchanger must of gotten to damaged during the accident. Lisa always wanted me to kick my caffeine addiction, I guess she finally got her wish.”



She pauses the recording on the tablet as she sits down in the kitchen chair. Pushing some of the food away to clear room, using some of the cans to prop the tablet up. She resumes recording,



“Today's lunch is….” She reaches for a random can. Her finger loops around the pull pin as she opens it. The smell of corn fills the air. “Creamed Corn. Yum.”



She makes her to emphasize the word yum. Although pointless as it records as text. Bringing the can to her lips she drinks the creamed corn cold.



She doesn't gag this time as by now she has gotten used to the zero taste the food has. She uses this time to let her mind wander. Her mind wanders to Lisa and the entity. How she got here. The accident. The dreams. Everything. It's the only time in the day she allows herself to just think about something other than survival. 



The empty can slides across the table as she lets out a small burp. “Lunch is over.”



She pauses her recording, standing up she tosses the can into the overflowing bin. Taking the tablet she leaves the kitchen and to the engine room door.



She resumes recording,



“Attempts to open the Photonic Core room has been unsuccessful as well. I managed to open it slightly but through the small crack I saw debris blocking the path. I won't know how bad until I can fully open the door. I just pray that the core holds as it needs maintenance to it. The shielding on the core is slowly starting to deteriorate. It was never meant to last this long before replacing. If the shielding fails it will leak Photonic energy into the ship. While all the symptoms of Photonic poisoning has been recorded, it can be treated. But, that requires medication and injections that I do not have. Well, I do. They are just behind a door that I can not get past.”



Walking away from the door and to the bathroom she flips the light on, 



“The shower is still unusable and have been converted into a makeshift clothes washer. The process is very time consuming. I have to pour one cup at a time from the sink into the shower. Once I fill it after about 2 or 3 hours I then add another ingredient. While my solid waste works well for the plants, my liquid waste works well to wash clothes. The smell of old waste is something I will never be rid of again. But it worked for early humans. The smell is somewhat off putting on the clothes but the days I don't want to walk around naked it's a nice break.”



Turning the light off and walking into her bedroom she sits down on the bed. Sitting on the head of the bed she leans against the backboard. The tablet propped up on her legs as she brings them closer to her.



The grey metal tablet with the tape over the logo with S.A.M written on it. Her hands caress up and down the smooth metal as she holds it close to her chest.



Pulling it away from her she resumes recording,



“I have not seen the entity or had any dreams of it since the day it left. I just can't figure out what it is or why. Why dream about it then it vanishes. Is Sam and the entity linked? I have tried to recover data from the tablet but it's been wiped. No trace of Sam left on it. His panel also is not operational. I think I will relax tonight, I found a bunch of old movies in the database. Most of them were corrupt when Sam was damaged. I managed to salvage one, it's old classic staring someone named Charlton Heston the movie is called Planet of the Apes. I think I'll curl up with my blanket on the bridge chair. Turns out the window is also a screen. Who knew. Makes a good television.”



She ends the recording as she sets the tablet on her bedside table. Stretching her arms and legs she looks down at her knee as her hand runs over it.



“Alright Eve, time to shut your brain off. It's movie time.”



Sliding forward and off the bed like liquid, grabbing her blanket in her arms along with a pillow she walks out of her bedroom making a stop in the kitchen for a tall glass of cold water. 



She begins to hum as she walks casually down the hall with water in hand. Entering the bridge she sets her glass down next to the chair. Settling down in it and pulling the blanket up over her. The pillow sits between her and the arm of the chair. Swinging over the monitor arm she turns the lights off on the bridge as the window turns opaque and white. Still humming to herself she taps on the screen as the movie begins to play. 



The opening credits begin as she sinks more into her chair. Taking small sips from her water as the movie plays. Everything is uneventful as sometime during the movie she fell asleep. Her dreams are vivid, she's running from something. Or someone. The world around her is black, the ground beneath her grey and uniform. Her legs move but she feels like she isn't going anywhere. Time seems to slow as her body leaves behind afterimages. Her words don't leave her mouth even if she tries to speak. Her hands to her throat, she feels the vibration of her throat but nothing is coming out. She feels trapped, the dark closing in.  She can't see anything but feels like something is following or watching her. Her pulse quickens as she tries to run, her feet and legs move but the world around her doesn't. She screams but her mouth opens as nothing comes out. Feeling a wetness on her feet she looks down to see a pool of black ooze under her. 



Slowly it crawls up her body as she sinks into it. The world slowly fades to black as the ooze consumes her, she floats in it holding her breath. She can feel it as she glides deeper and deeper into the ooze. The bottom never being reached. Her arms try to swim through the ooze but it's not very viscus. It's almost like water but lighter. Her breath runs out as her lungs starve of oxygen. Keeping her mouth shut as long as she can but biological needs win. Her mouth opens as the ooze begins to pour down her throat drowning her. Waking up she leans up as the blanket slides off her, she's back on the bridge. The movie stopped as just a white screen illuminates the dark room. 



“What was that dream and why did I start again. This…this one was different.”



Her pulse begins to slow as she feels her heart relax. Looking around she drinks the rest of her water before shutting the screen off, taking her pillow and blanket back to the bedroom. Crawling into bed she snuggles the blanket over her as she says,



“Goodnight Sam.”



The next few weeks are uneventful again but she did make some breakthrough with the plants. Holding her tablet up as she stands next to the greenhouse shelves. She hits record,



“Day 134. I have managed to grow one food plant with my waste mixture. My rations are running low as I have started to ration my rations. My body has lost alot of weight but thankfully I was able to salvage the cycle on the bridge. I have plenty of water, it's the food that's the issue. The air plants are thriving as I have been able to reduce the number needed to maintain levels. I have shut off and sealed parts of the ship. To help reduce the air required. It has benefitted me as I use the extra soil for the food plants. I either have to become a farm animal or find some alternatives to my own soils waste.”



Leaving the greenhouse and back to the kitchen she logs in the record what is left,



“I have two cans of mystery and three packages of dehydrated meals. Water supply is still holding steady, hot water however still not an option. It seems in space, cold is the new hot. I do my best to avoid this room as it doesn’t help whatever mental state I have left inside me. I am still approximately still 143 days away from the Excelsior is supposed to be.”



Leaning in the doorway of the kitchen she stares down at the tablet hanging off her pant belt loop. Her body has lost so much of its mass her bones are showing at her ribs; her hips have shrunk and most of the clothing she wears is now very loose on her. Her hair is so dirty and ragged that she has given up on months ago trying to keep it somewhat decent, so now she just wears it in a ponytail, but the hair has gotten so long that it’s starting to become a burden. She makes note of it in her log as she moves out of the doorway and to the bathroom.



“I don’t even know how long I have been in space since I left earth on this mission, but my hair is any indication I would say just over two years, the original mission was only supposed to be six months round trip. Do they even know I am alive? Have they sent anyone to look for me? It couldn’t have been that long, could it? I am now in the bathroom with a piece of sharp metal that I filed into a makeshift knife. Lisa please forgive me, I know you always liked it. But, I know that you will understand why I have to do this.”



The metal, cold and smooth. It’s around six inches long with a tapper to a point thats been sharpened on one side of it. The handle wrapped in bits of cloth she could find. It’s crude but effective. Her eyes meet her own as she stares into the repaired mirror. She found the biggest unbroken piece and secured it to a stand. The tablet propped up to act as a light source. 



“What’s behind those eyes. Who truly is Eve? Are you Eve? Am I?” Her eyes stare as they lock on the reflection in the mirror her hand with the makeshift knife raises up as the light from the tablet glints off it. 



She turns her head slighty, the ponytail flowing down her shoulder. The knife still in hand its sharp edge brushing along the hair as she sees it ripple under the strands. The cool metal brushes past her neck as she stops for a second. Hair in one hand, knife in other. Her eyes locked onto her own in the reflection. She stares deep into them, losing herself in them. The light static as it dimly illuminated the room around her. Her breathing slows as her grip on the knife tightens, closing her eyes she braces as a tear rolls down her face.



“I’m sorry Lisa.”



With a quick slash of the knife she did it, no return. Opening her eyes as the knife falls from her hand, the other hand lowers down as her eyes lower to meet it. Opening her palm the strands of hair fall loosely only the countertop. The knife clinks in the sink, her hands brace against the countertop as she lets out her breath finally. She doesn’t want to look, but she has to. Her eye look up slowly as her reflection comes into view, turning her head side to side slowly the hair she had now missing, replaced with a much shorter version. Her hand reaching up as she feels the back of her own head. The missing hair feels so foreign to her, the reflection in the mirror a different person. Leaning back up she takes a step back as she looks down at her arms and legs, lifting her arms next to check. She has gone so long without any self care, its always been one thing to the next. Her eyes glace down at knife as it lays in the sink, it’s metal barely glinting off the dim lighting. Her hand reaches down, grasping it again. 



The blade in her hand as she brings it to her free arm, the blade’s sharp edge pressing into her skin as she keeps pressing it. The pain slowly turns to pleasure, the knife pushes slightly harder, feeling the pinch of the blade against her skin she looks up from her arm to her reflection again.



“Who am I? Who are you?”



The knife is held in place against her skin as her face leans closer and closer to the mirror. Her dirty face, her bloodshot eyes, the now empty place that once had hair gone, her head tilts down as she pulls the knife away from her skin as she tosses it back into the sink. Stepping back till she hits the wall, she slides down it as she begins to sob. Her face buried in her knees as she brings her legs in close, her hands wrapped behind her head, curling into a small as possible ball her tears flow freely,



“I need help, I can’t do this. I pushed and pushed, my limits. What limits? What are those? Lisa…oh Lisa. My love, my darling. Your little bunny has lost its way. Your bunny is drifting alone, dying alone. I don’t even recognize myself in the mirror, would you ever? Would you turn away from me, I am useless. Look at me, I can’t even survive on my own. No matter what, I always need help. I was never enough, not able to go all the way. I wanted to prove something, prove that I can do it on my own. You fought with me every step of the way, everyday leading to the mission you reminded me that I didn’t have to prove anything to her, to anyone. She saw the good in me…”



Eve slams her fists down on the ground over and over again. Her words grow louder and louder,



“You, you did this. It was you!”



Eve looks up and points at the mirror, she quickly stands up as she gets face to face with her own reflection,



“This was all your fault! You wanted to prove you were this, BIG….BAD… woman. Yea well, look where it got you huh? Floating in the middle of a void, am I even real? Am I the reflection and you the true Eve?” her words spit like fire as the words and actions grow with more intensity. She paces around looking straight at the mirror when she speaks,



“But no! I had to go all by my lonesome. Prove that I can handle it. Prove that I am strong enough. Well, fuck you and fuck everyone else. Look how far I made it hmmm?”



She begins to laugh as she mocks her own reflection,



“Look at you, see how weak and frail you are. You couldn’t of done that. I did that, your the weak version. I am the strong. I am the Alpha and Omega. You, you stay trapped. Hiding. Being a scarred little girl like you always were. Let me do what you couldn’t.”



Her hand reaches for the knife blade as her eyes dart for it,



“Oh, now you want to resist. You know what I meant didn’t you. Do what you couldn’t do.” her face with big grin as she looks at her own reflection in her peripheral vision. The mirror reflection shows a more innocent look, while the person with a grin and wicked eyes. Her right hand grasps the knifes handle while her left wraps around the right wrist.



The person looking into the mirror speaks, “Why keep fighting? I can end it for you. Let me end the pain and suffering. You can rejoin Lisa again. Don’t you want that. To be with Lisa again. To have her there to protect you, you weak frail girl.”



She distracts her mirror self long enough for her to get the knife to her throat but the left hand resist as it shakes trying to hold the knife back, a small drop of blood flows from the edge as she feels the wet drop slowly fall down her dirty skin. 



She looks into the mirror as the reflection speaks, “You’re right, I am scared. I am very scared. But, I can’t give up, not yet. Not for us. She needs me back home. I left her alone, she didn’t want me to go. But, she knew the risks, I knew the risks.”



The person looking into the mirror chuckles as the movement causes the knife to move slighty as it digs just a hair deeper into her neck.

“Look at you, your quaking. Your strength won’t hold out, I should know. I am you. Once your arm gives out the knife will do its job, all I have to do is wait, wait for you to fail like always. No one to save you this time, not even your own self wants to save you.”



The reflection shows one tear falls from her left eye as it closes, the right with a more wicked stare into the mirror. She feels the knife slowly start to pull away as she forces it back to her neck, “Oh, nice try there. But, if thats all you have left why keep going? Why keep fighting? Let me end it now, I can make all the pain go away.”



The knife wiggles against her neck, the left hand losing its grip and strength. She’s right, she could end it right here right now. Make all the pain go away. It would be so easy, she wouldn’t even have to do it. She can do what she always has done, let someone else do it for her. Both her eyes close as the grip on her wrist loosens, the knife begins to dig into her skin. The pain shoots up to her brain as she feels a very sharp pinch on her neck as the blade begins to slice into the skin.



“There you go. Let me do it for you, do what your so weak to do yourself.” a smile slowly forms across her mouth, her left hand falls away to her side. Taking a deep breath and slowly letting it out, she nods then tilts her head back slightly. She won’t look at the reflection, the satisfaction she will get from it. Her memories slowly begin to flood into her mind, happier times. Back on earth, the job she had, the life she had growing up. All was handed to her, she was given everything. Even Lisa, was given to her. Lisa gave her own self to Eve, she coulnd’t even find love on her own. Someone else had to give that too. Maybe she was right, maybe it would be best to end it now. End the pain, shes made it this far. 



She chuckles to herself as her head tilts back down, the knifes edge still to her throat. Her eyes open staring back at herself, the reflection with a slight smile. “It’s funny really. I made it this far but no one will ever know. All the logs, the memories. All lost to the void of space, my mission to prove something wasn’t a failure. I did prove myself, I proved to myself that I need help. I can’t do it alone. It was Sam that got me to this point. Now he is gone, and now my own mind created a personality to protect myself. You are right, I am weak. But I am not a failure. If I give up now, if…” tears stream down her face as the knife falls into the sink her hands grasp the edge of the counter as she cries out tears, the reflection showing reality as the personality as vanished.



Wiping her nose as she sniffles, “If I give up now then everyone who has helped me to this point was for nothing.”



Picking up the tablet as she shuts the light off on it, she walks out of the bathroom, her eyes scanning around the hall. Making her way to each room her eyes see everything in a new light. Her final destination is the bridge, standing in the center. Her gaze out the main screen, the pure void of black on all sides. No ship, no stars, nothing. Sighing as she clutches her fist to her heart. “144 days. Don’t give up on me now.”



The lights on the ship power on as she hears her own voice over a speaker in her bedroom, “Good Morning Dr. Jones. It is currently 8:00am.” soon the voice stops as the alarm starts to play. Eve slowly rolls over as her hand swings through the air knocking the speaker to the ground along with the tablet. The noise knocks her out of the dreamstate as she flips over and looks over the side of the bed, the speaker broke into several pieces, the tablet no worse for wear. Leaning down to picks up the tablet and turns the alarm off. One by one she picks up the couple pieces of the speaker, “Eve and her gorilla arms.” musing to herself as she chuckles slightly, “I need to stop watching planet of the apes.”



Tossing the pieces onto her bed she stands up, the blanket falling partly to the ground as it slides off her naked body. Walking over to her closet she opens it and picks some random pants and a shirt. All her underwear and bras have deteriorated beyond repair. Her body is like a twig now as all her bones are visible across her body. A slightly breeze would knock her over at this point. The pants don’t stay on her body as they just fall right down. Looking down and picking them up, next to her hanging over the back of the chair is her belt made wiring from the ship. Pulling it through the loops as she sinches it tight, tying it into a simple knot the pants sag slighty. She jumps up and down on her heels as the pants move up and down but stay in place for the most part.



Finished with herself and getting the tablet, attaching it to her pants. Her pants slide past whatever hips are left and fall to the ground, the tablet making a loud clunk as it drops to the ground rapidly. Eve looks down at the pants now on the floor again. “Well, shit. I never had an ass to begin with and now this is ridiculous. Well looks like I am going pantless for awhile till I can figure out a solution. Thankfully my shirts drown my body and hang almost to my knees.”



Picking up the tablet as she unhooks it from her pants, leaving them on the ground her next stop is the daily update route. Tapping on the screen she turns the tablet fully out of low power mode. She created a custom UI for it now, she has named the new UI, H.O.M.E or the Hope Offers Myself Encouragement. She wrote and locked a letter she wrote for Lisa on it, she will deliver it personally to her when she gets back home. Her hands glide across the bezel around the screen, the cool metal dented and scratched with the abuse it has taken. The piece of tape across the logo with the letters S.A.M marred and dirty. Looking up from the tablet she finds herself standing in the middle of the hallway, her eyes dart around as she takes a deep breath, slowly releasing it.



She begins her recording,



“Day 240, It has been a very long journey to this point. The food plants have been successful, due to the loss in weight and the rationing I have been able to survive off of five plants a day. I cut back on a couple of the air plants to give more to the food ones, the past month has been a test as adjusting to the lower oxygen levels have made me more tired. My thoughts wander moment to moment, sometimes I wonder if I am sleepwalking or am I really awake. The days blend together now, I don’t even know when I fall asleep anymore. The test speaker was a success but the poor construction of it and laws of physics…mostly the physics…yea…my construction was flawless? Wait, what was I talking about. My mind slipped…I think….was I doing something? Oh right, I watched this movie the other night. I think it was called…called….you know what I forgot. It involved some monkeys or something. The speaker was a success though, hearing my own voice is something interesting. I might try to modulate the voice file to see if I can change it slighty, hearing my own chipper voice. Eerie.”



Looking up from the tablet she didn’t know she was looking at it as her mind processes the information around her. Her skin feels cold but she’s always cold. Her stomach hurts, her stomach always hurts. Sleep? What’s that? What’s anything anymore?



Blinking her eyes slowly as the tablet lowers to her side in her hand. The lights dim as the blackness in her vision like a tunnel, seeing through someone elses. A window. Walking someone else’s footsteps. Her touch not hers. Her thoughts not hers. Her body? Spirit? Soul? What makes her, her. She’s standing in the middle of the kitchen, looking down on the table. A lone candy bar. Sitting there. Tempting her.



Her nose sniffs the air, lowering down to the ground she bends at the knees. Squatting down to eye level of the table, her eyes peek over the top as she slowly rises, only stopping once the bar is in view. One hand slowly inches up over the edge, sliding across the smooth metal surface of the table. Her fingers lightly graze the bar as it shifts slighty, pulling her hand back quickly and ducking under the table. Once the coast is clear she comes out from under the table, her arms hugging the small leg of the table. Her head lifts up, her eyes just peaking over the edge of the table.



“Shh…shhh….” her hand is brought to her mouth, her tounge sticking slowly past her parched lips. Coating her lips as she wipes her tounge across them, feeling the skin crack and flake off. The taste of dirt and grime fills her taste buds, she continues as her tounge starts to lick her own hand. Her eyes rolling into the back of her head as her tounge licks and slobbers over her own hand, soon her mouth opens as her eyes stay locked on the candy bar. The inside skin between the thumb and pointer prime choice for her, her tounge flicks up and down over her skin. The taste of sweat and dirt filling her mouth with joy. The candy bar shifts as the wrapper slowly begins to peel back. Her eyes move to follow the wrapper, underneath its glossy exterior the sweet brown center peaks through. Her eyes lock to it, her heart begins to race. Her hand buries deeper into her mouth as her teeth slowly bite down into her skin. The candy bar is halfway unwrapped when she sees it move and rock back and forth. Her hand releases from her mouth as her attention has shifted, her head tilting as two tiny little chocolate arms pop out of the sides of the exposed bar. Her hand reaching for it before she hears a neutral toned voice neither male or female. 



“Hey, no touching. You can look, but no fingerprints.” She looks around for the origin of the voice as she slowly stands up. Sniffing the air she turns to face the doorway. The voice is heard again, “No, down here Eve. I know you have been wanting this. I think you earned it.”



Her head slowly turns to look back over her shoulder towards the table, her body joins as it spins. Facing the table her eyes looking at the bar on the table, its now sprouted legs as she squats down again to eye level of the table. She watches carefully, the little bar pushing it’s self up and onto its feet. It’s back to her, well the top of the bar. Is that the back or front she wonders to herself. The ripples of chocolate that cooled on the surface. The wrapper halfway down the bar, it splits into two halves like a banana peel. The top of the bar turns as two little brown chocolate eyes emerge from the bar, followed by a mouth. It looks up at Eve as it winks to her, its two little chocolate arms holding up the peeled wrapper. 



Eve gets closer and closer, slowly inching across the table. The little candy bar begins to slowly move what would be where its hips are back and forth, the wrapped being slowly peeling down as the bar bends forwards showing Eve underneath it’s chocolate. Each half of the wrapper falling slowly to the table as the bar now fully unwrapped slowly turns to face Eve. It’s little legs barely able to keep it up, the bottom of the bar drags behind it as it leans down, the top of its head pointing to her mouth as the mouth opens slowly on it’s own. Her tounge sliding out offering the bar a ramp into her mouth. Crawling on its hands and knees now, reaching her tounge. She feels each tiny little hand press or knee press into her tounge. Slowly it climbs up its bottom of the bar pressing into her as it goes into her mouth. The taste of chocolate is felt as it melts across her tounge. The bar fully inside her mouth now as she closes her mouth she begins to salivate more as some brown saliva drips from the corner of her mouth. 



Her mouth chewing and tasting each bit of it, it’s old and stale. The texture is like chalk. But it’s the best chalk she’s ever had. Each swallow is met with a smile, a taste of home in her mouth, then her throat, then her stomach. With that the bar is gone. Licking her fingers clean she pats her belly. Walking out of the kitchen and down the hall to the bridge again she leaves the tablet behind. Feeling satisfied her mind clears, sitting in her chair taking in the sights of the bridge. The noises of the ship second nature to her, she has to focus to hear each sound. The way the panels light up randomly, the little beeps and boops as the systems run. The creaking of the ships walls as it floats endlessly in the void, the life support systems kicking in as the breeze is felt across her body from above her the vent, the air flows like a waterfall over her. 



As she stands there her head tilted up towards the vent, her arms out straight she lets herself go, her mind blanks taking in the surroundings. The air grows heavy with each breath, the coarse carpet of the bridge rough on her bare feet. Twisting her body she begins to slowly spin in place, letting her arms cut through the air as she feels it brush past her skin. She is brought back by a beeping from her monitor, turning to face it, bending at her waist swings the monitor arm over to her. Checking what was causing the noise her eyes widen and then her head whips behind her soon her body following. Rushing towards the main screen she can make out a small pin of light ahead. Looking down she uses the navigation computer checking the sensor logs, rechecking, triple checking. She wipes her eyes looking up again her eyes focus in the void ahead of her seeing the small pinpoint of light.



Her eyes narrow as a smirk plays at the corner of her lips, “Excelsior, I have arrived.”



She begins the procedures of establishing communication with the vessel. Tapping on the screen she opens up commutation on the monitor, 

 

“This is the UNP Vessel Bunny, Excelsior please respond.” her eyes look at the monitor glued to the open signal blinking. She speaks again, “This is the UNP Vessel Bunny, I am here on a rescue mission, we have lost contact with your ship. Excelsior, please respond.”



While she waits for a response, she puts the message on repeat and to broadcast on all known frequencies. Looking up from the monitor at the pinpoint of light. “Few more days.”



For the next few days she barely leaves the bridge, bringing her blanket and pillows onto the bridge, her new home is now the bridge. Only leaving to relieve herself in the greenhouse or to the kitchen for water. The first day was fine, but the second day she dragged her mattress from off her bed and through the halls. Took her most of the day that day. The third day her eyes never left the monitor till she finally passes out after the third day awake even though she brought her stuff out, her eyes closed but her mind never shuts off. She doesn’t dream, she doesn’t feel. She has no self-thoughts, only robotic, preprogrammed. Getting to the Excelsior. Her only goal right now, to make it, to survive. Promised answers lie on that ship.



At the end of the third day, lays on her back on the mattress. Her eyes open as the pillow sits under her head, the blanket pulled up to her chin. Her arms to her sides, her gaze fixed straight ahead as she stares at the ceiling. Thoughts play through her mind of what she may find less than 24 hours to go till she arrives. 



The time slips past her like normal, never moving from her spot the alarm on her tablet goes off for 8 am. Sitting up as the blanket falls and pools in her lap. Grabbing the tablet that’s next to her and shutting the alarm off, she never slept as usual. Standing up and stepping off the mattress she walks over to the navigation computer, the pin of light never growing closer in these few days. But the computer shows an object getting closer. Rechecking the results they show the same each time, but her eyes show a different result. She wants to voice her concerns but she knows its futile. She’s speaking to no one. No one to hear her words, her concerns. She exist?



Ignoring whatever conflict between her eyes and the scans show she stares up at the pin point of light. She doesn’t move her head for hours, every muscle in her body stiff from not moving. Fighting through the pain her eyes never lose sight of the goal. Her lips start to dry up as her mouth is wide open, her eyes glaze over. Her head tilting to the side. Catching herself she shakes her head and then slaps her face a couple times to wake up. Checking the monitor, it shows the object still getting closer. But her eyes still see a small pinpoint of light ahead. 



She tries to move her body but stilling still for that long has caused her muscles to tense up. Standing up she feels her body trying to rip itself apart as some of her muscles want to contract other want to relax. Her body contorts as she stands, her spine cracks as she leans up straight. Looking around for her tablet she finds it on the mattress where she left it. Walking over to it as she squats down to pick it up with both hands she stares at the screen as her eyes widen again. She sees a message,



“Hello Dr. Jones. I have been waiting for your arrival for a long time. We will finally get to meet in person.” shaking the tablet as she yells out, “Sam? SAM? SAM?!?!” but she gets no response. The message just sits there overlaid across the screen almost as it’s burnt into the screen. She wants to cry but her body barely has enough water in it for itself. She has plenty of water, but each drop feels like acid as she drinks it. It’s been days since she’s had anything to drink. 



Her eyes narrow, “If you think you can leave me again, you have another time coming to you Sam.” she continues to shake the tablet out of frustration before she tosses it across the room behind her. She hears glass break and then a metal object clink around a few times before stopping. She turns slowly to face behind her, seeing on the ground the tablet with shards of glass scattered about. She gasps, diving towards that direction she holds the tablet to her chest, the broken shards of glass cutting her delicate skin as she swings back and forth clutching it tightly. 



“No, no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no….” is all she can get out repeating over and over again she she clutches the tablet to her chest, her body shaking violently as her eyes and vision shakes. Soon her saddness turns more and more into more happy as her eyes open, her mouth smirks. Her body stops shaking, she stops swinging. Pulling the tablet away from her chest, blood covers parts of it as small pieces of her are left on whats left of the screen. Setting it down on the ground she slowly stands up to her feet, her arms dangle at her sides. She leans forward as her legs dont want to move, catching herself she unrelaxs her arms, taking each hand as she grips each ankle with a hand as she is bent at the waist. She pulls up on one ankle moving her leg, then the next. One by one each step she has to force her legs to move. Making it to her chair, spinning and then sqautting down, her hands releasing from her ankles. Sitting in the chair her eyes glace over to the tablet laying on the ground next to the shards of glass, her chest with cut marks across it with thin lines of blood seeping out of them and down her body.



Her fingers glide over her chest, her eyes locked to the tablet. The monitor connected to the arm of the chair makes a beeping sound. Her eyes dart to it swinging it to her. On one hand her fingers are covered in bits of dried blood from her chest as she checks what caused the noise. The object is directly in front of her, approximately 1000 meters ahead. She has no way to stop or slow down, as the object reachs 900 meters….800…..700…600….550….475…300…275.



At the 250 meter mark she feels her ship shake slighty as it gets pulled closer to the ship, ahead of her the main screen still showing just a pinpoint of light. Behind her on the tactical station she hears beeping, getting up to investigate it. Scanning the screens she spots a blinking red icon, she taps it to see the ship is being pulled in by the Excelsior, “A gravity beam? Those were only theoretical. We did small scale tests in a lab but nothing on this scale.”



Her curiosty starts to fill her mind, pushing away the other thoughts. Her focus shifts more into her training and job, her eyes dart across the screen. She intiates a scan of the vessel. No life signs. She feels the ship shake and come to a stop as the screen shows she is docked in one of the access ports. She has arrived.



She looks at the main screen, but it shows nothing but the pinpoint of light. The scans show she is docked with the Excelsior. But by who or what? She has one choice, to enter inside the Excelsior. Stepping away from the panel, she turns to leave the bridge. Her footsteps feel heavy, she feels something inside her, something she hasn’t felt in a long time out here. Happiness and Fear. Her instincts tell her not to go, to stay on the ship. But her curiosity outweighs that desire. She must finish her mission, she must have answers.



Reaching her own main airlock, she uses the panel next to the door to repressurize the room. It was one of the rooms she cut off from the ship to help conserve air and power. Standing there her face pressed against the cold glass looking into the dark room of the airlock. Her shirt drapes down her body, her bare feet pressed into the cold metal floor lifting her up to get a better view. The lights in the room slowly begin to brighten as the darkness gets pushed out and replaced with light. As the lights brighten more of the room she spots something inside the room, as more of it gets revealed by the lights her face is one with horror across it. She sees the entity floating there in the middle of the room. She jumps when the door opens in front of her, her back against the wall across the doorway. Her eyes looking ahead at the floating swirling void. It never moves, just floating in place. She swallows, pushing herself off from the wall and into the main airlock. Her eyes never leave it as she walks in, her suit still laying across the ground from the last time she was out there, barely making it alive. 



The swirling void hovers above it, silent. She gets closer, stepping inch by inchs before lowering her body enough to quickly snatch it before stepping back. Suit in both hands her eyes staying fixed on the swirling void, she puts one leg in at a time before pulling it up her body. Sliding her arms into the suit and zipping it up the front sealing it. Her eyes dart quickly from spot to spot looking for her helmet. Spotting it against the wall to her right so begins to sidestep towards it, keeping her front and eyes facing the void. Her foot kicks it as she takes just a moment to bend down, blindly reaching around the ground before grasping it. Then side stepping to the left to the other side of the room to grab the last air canister. Hooking it to only one of the air ports on the helmet she slides it over her head and secures it in place. 



Turning the air on the suit expands slightly as she begins to breath the air. Checking her suit blindly as she feels around her body, her body swims inside due to all the weight loss. Like a kid wearing their parents clothes as it hangs off her body. Walking closer to it her eyes still locked onto it.



“I am ready.” her mouth opens as the words leave her parched lips.



The entity slowly floats backwards away from her and towards the door, the other side the Excelsior. Or hopefully is the Excelsior. Phasing through the door before she hears air escaping the room and entering the path between the two ships. The lights on the bridge begin to light up starting from her side and working their way down to the end, the entity floats through the next door. She walks through the brightly lit hall, her eyes blinded by it as she puts her arm up to help block the light. Reaching the door she lowers her arm, next to the door is a panel. The screen showing a number pad with a blank line across the screen. Lifting her hand up as she extends one finger out, pressing each key using her codes. The door opens as the air releases and sucks into the ship before equalizing. 



Only opening slightly she sticks her hand into the small gap before opening it up, inside is pitch black. Her foot steps through the threshold followed by the other, she enters the void as the door closes behind her. As it latches close she jumps slightly, the light fading away as she stands there in pure darkness. She calls out, “Hello?”



Her voice echos in her helmet, she checks the screen on her arm. All the levels seem fine, air, heat, no toxins. It’s clean, pristine. Untouched. Her arms reach up as they unlock the latches to her helmet one by one, taking a deep breath at the same time pulling the helmet off. She waits a moment before releasing the air from her lungs. Then she takes a slow breath in as she realizes the air is fine. Sighing with relief she puts the helmet under her arm as she looks around the only light from the suit but not enough to see, she holds one hand to her mouth as she yells, “Hello?”



She listens as her voice echos in the darkness, she yells again. “Hello! This is Eve Jones, UNP Diplomatic Alien Relations. I have come from Earth on the UNP Vessel Bunny. I was sent by the UNP to investigate the disappearance of this ship.” 



Her words echo around her but no response. Sighing she lifts one arm while the other still grasps onto the helmet, using her arm as a guide she walks very slowly. Taking very slow and shallow steps, her arm blinding feeling around in the dark. Her eyes try to see but nothing but black fills her face. No sounds, no lights, no signs of life. The place is void of anything. Her mind focuses on the task, she has to find the bridge. Find out what happened.



Shuffling around in the dark she has no idea where she is, the ship was never built according to all the data before she left, as she wanders around in the dark thoughts of the day she left flood in to occupy her time.



“Hey Eve!” Lisa says as she jogs over to Eve. Standing there in her suit outside the craft on the launch pad. Out of breath she puts her hand on Eve’s shoulder. Eve chuckles helping Lisa up. “Lisa, what are you doing here? I am about to launch in 15 minutes.” Eve asks as Lisa finally catches her breath. 



“Man, that was a jog. The guy wasn’t happy about it but I gave him the look.” Lisa smiles pointing to her eyes.



Eve smiles wide, her eyes light up with joy. “I am glad you came to see me off. I will be back in six months. My side of the bed won’t even get cold before I get back. You won’t even know I am gone. When I get back, I do have a surprise for you.”



Lisa’s eyes widen as she has the look on her face, she lowers down and then strikes at Eve’s sides trying to tickle her through the suit but Eve laughs. “Haha, your trick won’t work on me silly woman! I have tickle armor.” 



Lisa straightens up as she walks closer to Eve, she stands slightly above Eve looking down with that grin. Her hands each gently grasp Eve’s shoulders before leaning in and giving her a kiss on the cheek. Then leaning closer to her ear, “Well, you won’t always have the armor on. You look better without anything.” 



Eve’s face turns bright red as she punches Lisa in the arm, “Hey, they can hear you. Open mic. Standard procedure.” 



Lisa just stands there hands at her hips laughing, “Let them hear. They don’t get to see what I see or hear what I hear from that mouth of yours.” Eve’s face even brighter red. Lisa sees it and then giggles, “Now, go get on. Come back quickly your hear me. Six months is a long time without….” her eyes dart up and down Eve’s body before she winks and turns around. As she walks away she makes sure to swing her ass side to side to give Eve a good show. Her hand raises as she waves, “I love you Eve. See you in a few months.”



That was the last time she saw or spoke to Lisa. The darkness around her, as feel stumbles around like a blind person. The only sounds from her feet shuffling across the metal floor. Her hand guides along the wall to her right, around corners. In her head she starts to paint a map of the place. She has no idea how long she has been wandering around in the pitch black. But each step is another section on her metal map. Counting each step between corners, between walls. But through all the wandering around she has yet to find a door. Only an endless hallways, endless smooth walls. Endless smooth metal flooring, endless sounds of her footsteps. Her legs on fire as she continues along the wall, now bracing her shoulder against it. Her mind still counting each step, but each one grows longer between. Finally her body gives out as it crumples to the ground. Her helmet still in her arm as she moves it to her lap. Sitting on the ground her back against the wall, her legs outstretched forwards.



Her fear is fading, shifting into more acceptance. Looking down she can’t even see her own body. The darkness covering all, the lights on the suit lost power sometime back and she never noticed it, her thoughts focused on navigating the darkness. She goes over the mental map in her head, retracing every step. “I can’t be going in circles, can I?” her words whisper as they leave her lips. 



“I’m so tired, hungry, thirsty. I don’t have anything left to give. I have given everything. I am nothing but a skeleton. I can’t tell what is real anymore. I have no thoughts, they are blank. I have to force myself to even think about moving my legs, my arms, my hands.” She lifts each leg and arm one by one as she speaks about them.



Taking a moment to rest she lets out a sigh, spinning her body onto her knees, one hand with the helmet, the other planted on the ground as she stands up moving her hand to the wall to steady her jelly legs. As she stands there she feels the air around her get hotter and hotter. Her body sweats beads into her suit, squatting down very slowly she sets her helmet down. Then grasping at the zipper of her suit, pulling on it breaking the seal as the zipper glides down it just falls off her before she can even finish unzipping it. Stepping out of it she kicks it away from her. Leaving the suit and helmet on the ground she is only wearing a tee-shirt. Her bare feet press into the cold metal floor as her hands slide along the smooth metal surface of the wall. 



Wandering around her mental map growing as she recounts her steps before her foot hits something hard. Squatting down using the wall to help guide her she blindly reaches around to feel something smooth and round. Reaching with both hands she grasps the object before her heart sinks in her chest. It’s her helmet. 



“But how? I counted my steps, even if I was going in circles I shouldn’t be right back here yet. What is going on.”



Out of anger she throws the helmet into the darkness in front of her as she leans over and belts out a loud scream. “AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH” 



She screams and screams until the air in her lungs gives out and she stops, grasping her thighs as she catches her breath. She hears the helmet scrape across the ground as it flies through the darkness back at her, not being able to avoid it due to the darkness it hits her right in the ankles as she drops to her knees in pain. Her fists pound the ground, “Fine. You want to play games. Lets play a game. Show yourself. Stop being a pussy. I’m done being scared.” she pounds her fists more on the ground. 



“I am done needing help, I will stand on my own two feet. I will face you head on. I have nothing left, you have nothing left to take. You taken it all from me already. Just kill me or let me go home already.”



Her fists begin to feel the pain as she continues to pound the ground, her eyes shut tight as shuffling is heard approaching her from the front. Her ears perk up as the shuffling is right in front of her, she stops pounding her fists as she lunges forwards grasping at whatever is there but she catches nothing and falls straight on her face. She slides across the floor a few feet before getting to her feet again. She raises her fists up, “Fight me like a man. You want me, show yourself.” she starts to punch the air wildly each one more weaker than the last as her left fist connects with one of the walls she pulls it back. Wincing in pain she rubs her hand with the other. Hearing the shuffling behind her she turns quickly and jumps that way, she grabs nothing trying to catch herself she slams into the other wall.



Each noise she leaps at, always catching nothing. Not giving up she continues her advance towards the sounds, her ears listening for the slightest sound as she walks forwards through the darkness, her arms in front of her. Each step is calculated, pressing gently into the floor with her bare foot before stepping with the next. Her breathing slows to minimize the sounds she can hear, the very air around her still. Her ears constantly on alert for any sound, when she hears one no hesitation, instantly lunging towards it. As she walks through the darkness her anger slowly fades her steps becoming heavier. 



Her shoulders slump down almost defeated, shuffling through the darkness noises around her as her ears perk up. Lifting her head and shoulders back up turns her head as she comes to stop. Listening for the sound the noises are different, almost mechanical. Taking slow breaths her ears try to pin point the location of the sounds. They sound like they are coming all around her, almost…through the walls as she steps closer to the right, her ear pressing against the wall. 



Thump. Thump.

A moment of silence.

Thump. Thump.



She feels around the wall using her hands as her eyes, the walls smooth and metal. No bumps or seams, “How have I not noticed this.” Her words whisper to herself as she switches ears, moving more around she hears the sounds stop. Staying still for a moment she hears another sound, “Sounds like something energizing or gathering some sort of power. But what was that other sound. Are they related?” A few minutes pass as no more noises are heard from beyond the wall. Stepping back from it shaking her head, she forgot to be scared. Her curiosity got the better of her. “Does this mean someone or something is here? What was that noise? It sounded mechanical, gears? Engine?”



Her curiosity not satisfied she walks back to the wall and sits down in front of it, turning onto her side as she leans her ear against the wall. Closing her eyes as she rests her hands in her lap, her left hand resting in her right as she rubs it slowly. 



Her eyes open around her she is floating through space, around her lights illumate clouds of particles around her. Each burst like a firework exploding into the air. Each burst of light only appearing at she floats forwards. Her mouths opens as no words escape it, closing her mouth she smiles. She doesn’t feel scared, she feels warm. Comforting. Invited. Her body floats endlessly like floating on the surface of a slow river. Closing her eyes she can feel each pulse as it enters her body. It starts at her feet, slowly like a massage it flows up each leg. Moving across her hips, splitting into several lines of light up her body two in back, two in front and one up each of her sides, they converge together at her neck forming a collar around it. 



A warming sensation starts to emanate from the collar before it moves up following the contours of her face as it exits up and off her floating up, spinning and spinning. Faster, faster. The light changes and shifts to colors of white then yellow then red then blue, it repeats those colors, the ring expands more and more till it snaps and sends a shower of sparks across her like glitter. Her hands opens as a spark lands gently on her palm, bringing it closer to her eyes. She watches as it shimmers and sparkles as its color never stays still always blending into the next one. The tiny spark fades away as it melts into her hand as passes through it falling down into the void thats below her. Her eyes open wide in panic. The void looks like something she saw…..



Her mouth opens as she awakens on a white sterlie bed, the room light by a single light in the center of the ceiling. She’s wearing a medical gown as her head is pounding as it pulses with each heart beat. Her eyes slowly adjust as she lowers her eye lids to help block out the light. As her eyes adjust she looks around, the walls and floor white. The ceiling white. The bed stiff as a board, leaning up and sitting on the edge of the bed she wiggles her toes and then stretchs her body. Her hands run down the gown in front of her as she now realizes she is wearing a hospital gown. Looking around the rest of the room it’s empty, just the bed and light. To her left is the door, its got no handle on it, no keypad. 



Slowly she lowers one foot at a time, the cool tiled floor send a shiver up her spine before setting the other down. Standing slowly her body aches as she tries to push past the stiff joints. Shuffling over to the door she runs her hand over it, feeling for anything. Spotting nothing and feeling just as much. Stepping back she wants to scream for help. Her thoughts get the better of her closing her mouth and taking deep breaths. Looking around and under the bed there is nothing useful, making her way back to the bed as she sits on the side of it. Laying down onto her back, her arms folding over her chest. She watches as her hands slowly rise and fall with each breath she takes in, filling her lungs. Then releasing it as they fall again, her mind blanks as she just lays there watching her hands rise and fall.



Click.



Her head turns quickly to face the door as it opens slightly, leaning up her eyes stare at it. Standing to her feet she makes her way over to the door her fingers just grabbing the door and pulling it open. Poking her head out into the pure white halls they are empty, silent. Looking her head down at the ground she spots a pair of clothes folded in a pile outside her door. Squatting down she slides them into her room, she stands in the doorway as her head pokes out to look. The halls still silent and empty. The clothes are a pair of shoes, socks, blue jeans and a basic white tshirt. Putting each one the article of clothing on she makes sure to keep her eyes and ears on alert. Finished dressing the clothes fit her skeleton body nicely she looks down and sees that her breasts have shrunk by alot as her hand glides down the front of her shirt she slumps her shoulders, with the shirt just two barely visible bumps are seen. 



Tossing the hospital gown onto the bed, Eve wanders back out into the hallway. “Left or right?” she muses to herself as she brings a hand to her chin tapping it with a finger. Taking one more look to the left its an endless white walls, floor and ceiling with lights spaced apart illumating the white hall. To her right much the same, no doors, no signs of life. She makes up her mind as she goes to the right, staying close to the wall as her shoes squeak slightly on the glossy floor. The feeling of fresh clothes on her skin isn’t lost on her, she wishes to just cuddle with a book and a glass of wine right now, “Maybe, instead of the book it’s Lisa.” she smirks to herself. 



The hall is endless as the walls are smooth and metal, her hand memory triggers in her mind her head turns to face her hand thats gently sliding across the smooth wall. Her footsteps slow as she stands there staring at the wall. “It’s smooth. Like before when I was in darkness. Is this the same hallway? But how, I remember turning. I would think I would remember feeling a door too. Am I still on the Excelsior? Who or what put me in that room? So many questions, but no answers.”



Her hand staying on the wall as her head turns left to look down the hall, its an endless wall of white. To her right the same, except for the doorway that cuts the white and sticks out like a sore thumb. She turns to the left as continues walking down, the same questions floating around in her head as she examines with her eyes. 



Her foot stops mid step as she sets it down, her head turns to look at the wall. Her hand feels a slight vibration in the wall, ahead of her she hears a noise.



Thump. Thump.

A moment of silence.

Thump. Thump.



Her eyes widen, her heart begins to speed up. The sound slowly grows with each one made.



Thump. Thump.

A moment of silence.

Thump. Thump.



“H…hello?” She calls out but the sound just keeps growing more and more.



Thump. Thump.

Thump. Thump. Thump.

Thump. Thump. Whirl.

Thump. Thump.



Each thump growing louder and more heavy, her fear starts to swell inside her. She looks back as she starts to slowly back up. She hears the sound growing closer but she can’t see anything. She continues to back up slowly, the thumps are now felt in her feet as well her hand on the wall. 



Thump. Thump. Thump.



The thumps stop as she keeps her eyes and ears on alert, then to her left she hears a grinding noise on the otherside of the wall. Her head turns to look at the wall, the grinding continues. As her body turns to face the wall it bursts open as she ducks and jumps to her right. Sliding across the ground she looks up as she sits on her ass rubbing her left arm. An eight foot tall mechanical robot with glowing white eyes stare down at her. The ground under it covered in bits from the white wall. Gears whirl and spin as the robot turns to face her, its right hand a saw blade the left two thick slabs of metal with a gear to close them. It stands there, the saw blade whirling away. It’s legs are two thick cube like design. It steps towards her.



Thump. Thump.

A moment of silence.



The gears spin as the robots saw starts to inch closer to her, her fear takes hold. She wants to run but her body isnt responding. “Fuck!” Raising her arms to attempt to block the robot it stops when she sees her helmet fly past her from behind the robot as it continues down the hall. Floating behind the robot is the entity. The robot leans up as it slowly turns, each step heavy as the ground shakes till it faces the entity. It begins floating backwards as the robot follows it. Her legs begin responding to her as she scrambles to her feet again and runs full speed down the hall to way she was orginally going. She runs and runs and run till she can’t run. Coming to a stop she leans against the wall looking down the hall she came from, no robot, no entity. 



Catching her breath she feels her lips even more cracked as her finger wipes the sweat from her face, pushing away from the wall she holds her sides as she walks down the hall continuing on. The environment unchanging as she wanders straightforward. Her eyes focus looking ahead she sees blackness. Keeping her focus on it as she approaches it she stands in front of it, lifting her hand she reaches towards it. Feeling a barrier her hand slides up and down what looks to be a glass wall. The otherside is pure void. She spins around as she hears a noise again.



Thump. Thump.



“Oh no…it’s back.” panic sets in her voice as it waviers up and down. Stepping back shes stopped by the glass wall preventing her from running. Turning around she starts to pound on the glass but it just resist her as her hand just bounces off of it. 



Thump. Thump.



She hears the sound getting closer again but she can’t see it. She remembers last time it came from the wall. Her eyes light up, “Thats it! Why am I so stupid.” 



Thump. Thump.

Whirl. Whirl.



Her head tilts to the side as her ear’s focus for the noise. To her right she hears some scratching, pushing off the glass wall she sprints back the way she came, the robot bursting through the wall as she dodges the ambush. The robots pincher just grabbing onto her the bottom of her shirt from behind as she tries to pull away the shirt rips freeing her. Sprinting full speed down the hall she fights through the pain, to her right ahead is the first hole. Looking behind her the robot can’t be seen. Trying to stop on a dim her shoes dig into the floor as she tumbles forwards and rolls across the ground. Getting to her knees and standing she rushes back for the hole. Not even checking she heads inside. Small lights line the inner walls like maintenance tunnels for the workers. Following the dimly lit lights of the tunnel she comes up to a grey metal door, placing her hand on the handle and pushing down the door unlocks and opens.



Walking through the door the lights automatically turn on one by one slowly illumining the room. Spotting several tables with chairs to match tucked under them. Then looking to the walls she sees signs and posters up, some menus for food. “This is a mess hall it seems like. But where is everyone?” she casually scans the posters, nothing of note. They display generic information like washing hands and to help prevent the spread of sickness. Menus of the meals for the day and broken down per week. Looking around she spots two big doors that look to lead into another hallway, next to it is a board filled with paper that’s been attached to it. Heading across the mess hall the place is silent, her shoes squeak slightly with each step. Grabbing one of the piece of paper from the board she looks at it, across it are strange symbols they almost resemble the English alphabet but make no sense. The symbol looks like an S but its straight lines and not curved, looking at the others all the same. The same letters in the same order. Folding the piece of paper and putting it into her jean front pocket she heads to the two big doors as she swings them open like saloon doors. 



“In another hallway. Great.” rubbing her forehead as she looks around, the hallway the same as the last. She decides to go left this time, walking through the hall it doesn’t seem as big or wide as the other one. Looking up if she jumped she might touch the ceiling. “No way he can fit here right? I mean what was that? Who built it and why? Why is it after me?” more questions again, but no answers.



Her curiosity spikes again when the walls of the hall change color from white a more yellowish color but as she walks through the hall, the walls get more and more yellow. Soon she sees doors start lining the hall on either side of her, checking each one but each time the door is locked. “No panel, no keyhole. Curious.” Each door she checks the same, locked with no visible way to unlock it. After a few dozen doors she tries the next one as it unlocks and opens. Inside a small room, yellow walls with plush yellow carpet. Walking inside the room is filled with objects from a kids room. Stuffed animals stacked in the corner of the bed, a small desk with a picture of two people and a small person between them drawn in yellow crayon. Walking over to the desk she picks up the picture before setting it down. 



Scanning the top of the desk it’s bare. The picture, one yellow crayon and a small yellow lamp that sits just above the picture. Flicking the light switch at the base of the lamp it turns on casting a dim yellow glow over the picture. Looking down she sees a forth person standing behind the other three. Picking the paper up and out of the light it vanishes. Curious, she slowly sticks the paper back under the light as it slowly reappears, not at once but slowly fading in. Turning the lamp off the person vanishes again. “I don’t understand.”



Her eyes are focused on the picture, her mind racing with thoughts. “But, what is happening. Why is there. Why only under the yellow light. And why is everything here yellow now.”



Looking around the room more she sees a small dresser, walking over to it she opens the top drawer. Empty. She tries the next. Empty again. Each one empty. Standing to her feet she scratches her head before walking over to the bed. Under the pile of stuffed animals she sees a small piece of paper. Pulling it out from under them the stack falls towards her, jumping slightly as they gently tumble for a second. Looking down at the paper in her hand she sees the same symbols. Leaning to pull the other piece of paper out she examines them side by side, it’s the same. Exact same. Same letters, same handwriting. Folding the first one back up and sliding it back into her pocket she sets the other down onto the bed. 



Before she stands up she spots an animal among the rest, grabbing the small tuff of fur she pulls it out as it dangles in front of her. Letting out a gasp as she tosses it across the room smacking into the desk and knocking over the lamp. “How…” she stands as she walks over to the desk laying across top of it, a white fluffly stuffed bunny with its left eye missing. “Snuffles? How did you get here? I lost you when I was a kid playing in the park. My mother said not to..” she picks up the bunny as she clutches it to her chest. “But you were my only friend. I couldn’t leave you behind like that. But it started to rain and my mother was calling for me, I panicked and left you there on the ground by accident. She wouldn’t let me go back, said I would catch a cold. I cried and cried for what seemed like days. I begged for her to take me back and she finally did but it was to late, you were already gone. She told me she would buy me a new one, but I didn’t want a new one. I wanted my friend…friend….” she lowers her arms with the bunny on her right.



“What friend would leave another one behind. A true friend would of remembered. A true friend wouldn’t have left me to die like I did to you.” raising her right hand she only sees an empty hand. Looking around and on the ground the bunny has vanished. Slumping her shoulder as she wipes a tear from her eye. “Only fair. I left you.” Standing up again she takes one final look around the room before leaving. Turning to the right she heads further down the yellow halls. The lights bright white as the yellow seems to be getting even brighter. Rasing her arm as the yellow is now blinding her she carefully steps fowards until she feels the ground get soft, birds begin to chip. The sound of water gently flowing. Lowering her arm she has to wipe her eyes and blink a few times. “Grass? Trees? Animals? A stream? Where did this come from?” 



She looks behind her to see the hall is gone, just endless green grass and trees that dot the landscape for as far as the eyes can see. Her attention turns back to the river. She rushes towards the sound, not even waiting she starts to pull her shirt off then kicks her shoes off and then hopping on one leg at time to pull the jeans off her. Falling to her ass she kicks them off, crawling at first then standing she jumps straight into the crystal-clear water. The cool water surrounds her as she begins to inhale the water, it’s refreshing, cool and crisp. She drinks and drinks till she can’t. Standing up she rubs her now slightly extended belly as she lets out a burp so loud that she instantly laughs and falls backwards into the water. Floating on the surface she lets the water carry her around the river seems to be an endless circle around a small island with a tree in the center of it.



But she doesn’t care, her only thoughts right now are of the cool water relaxing her body, the refreshing water across her parched lips and throat. Her belly so full of water that as she slightly bobs around in the water she can feel the liquid in her belly. As she lets out a big sigh she leans up as her top floats above the water, she stands there as her feet reach the bottom. The water just coming up to above her belly and under her breasts. She walks slowly towards the tree and up the river bank. She touches the tree as its coarse and rough bark scrap along her palm. The green leaves above her sway slightly as a gentle breeze blows across the grass like a wave then the waters as it slighly ripples across the surface. The breeze is warming as she looks up she can’t spot a sun. The whole sky is bright like the whole sky is the sun. Sitting down under the shade of the tree her legs crossed her arms resting on them as she picks at the grass in front of her.



Her gaze lifts to the water as she crawls fowards slightly, “I have to see.” Her head peaks over the water as she sees her reflection as it ripples slightly with the water. Her eyes sunken in, her cheeks and face skin so tight that you can see every outline of her skull. As she opens her mouth and rubs her face she looks like a skeleton wearing skin that’s too tight on her. “Gross to think about but how else would I describe it to someone.” she chuckles. Her eyes look up to her hair, the long flowing hair she had gone after she cut it. The hair stopping just below her ears. Sighing she crawls backwards and to the tree before sitting down and leaning up against it. Bringing her left leg in while the other sticks forwards out. She rests her hands and chin on her left knee as she scans around her. Grass, trees, birds, small animals scurry about. Like a small oasis in the middle of a desert. 



The grass inching her bare skin as she sits there, scratching herself as she stands up. Stretching her limbs she decides she should get dressed. Walking away from the tree she wades through the river to the other side. She starts to look around but can’t find her clothes anywhere. She tries to retrace her steps but the grass hides her steps. Staying near the river she begins to circle around it making note of where she started, each go around she widens the circle of searching. The tree begins to shrink as she walks more and more away from it till it vanishes from view. Looking up and to where the tree is supposed to be she heads back that direction. “Where are my clothes…I didn’t go that far did I?”



She wanders towards the direction of the tree but it never comes into view, nor the river. The trees themselves begin to vanish as they leave her view, looking back the field is empty, all but the grass that covers the ground. Looking ahead again everything but the grass is gone. Putting her hands to her mouth she yells out, “HELLO! ANYONE THERE!” but her words just echo into nothing as they slowly fade until no sound is left. “Well, this sucks. I just got those clothes too.” she sighs afterwards but lets out a small laugh.



“Well, it seems I must do what I have been doing. Pressing on!” lifting her arm up as she starts to walk straightforward, the grass crisp under her feet. Some parts soft, others hard and sharp. The sun above her while bright she feels no extra heat from it, even as she walks through the endless sea of grass. Looking around she notices that even the animals have seemed to vanish as well along with all the foliage and trees. Her mind wanders again as each step is met with the sound of grass under her feet, the breeze warmly blowing across her unclothed body. The sky filled with a bright white light, the air fresh and clean. 



Her thoughts only on the sensations of the grass when a memory floods into her mind. Shes back in college, she played volleyball on the colleges team, the Fighting Hornets. She didn’t get to play much but she enjoyed the sport. Her parents talked to the coach and convinced them to let her in on the team. She’s never played in a game, only practice. Always told she was a backup, truth is, she was never wanted. She never saw it or realized it till now as she walks through this empty endless field of grass. Looking down at her feet she kicks the grass slightly with each step, her arms crossed in front of her. A shadow slowly enters her view as her eyes look at the ground, following the shadow up she sees right in front of her. Stopping in place her head tilts up as her hand shades her eyes. “My house?”



Looking to the left she sees the front door, walking over, stepping up each step the wood is felt on her feet. Her hand glides up the white railing, the paint chips slightly as her hand glides across it. Her head looking at the door, walking up to it placing her hand on the doorknob. The metal is cool and smooth to her touch, gripping with her hand as she opens the door slowly pushing it she stands outside of it looking in. “Hello?” she calmly calls out. No response. “I would be shocked if someone did answer. Would I even want them to? Why is my house here. How did it get here. I don’t understand.”



Taking a deep breath as she slowly lets it out she walks through the threshold and into her house. The door closing behind her without her knowing as it shuts, she spins as she tries to handle. “Locked. Shit, why did you think was a good idea Eve.” looking down her naked body still on full display. Her head looked back to the set of stairs that lead up to the second floor. Releasing her grip from the door making her way slowly and carefully up the stairs, the stained wood under her feet with each step the step creaks. Her hand gently glides up the railing. Approaching the top she sees four doors, to the far left, the bedroom. The next door closest to her is a utility closet. The next one a bathroom and the last one, to her right. “That’s new.”



She walks up the final step, turning to the left as she makes her way to the bathroom door. She tries to knob but it’s locked, the same for the closet door. But her bedroom, opens. The room exactly how she remembered it, the bed next to the big bay windows. Even the dresser, walking over to it opening the top drawer inside are bras and panties. Pulling a matching set out they are a silky red material with black lace around the edges of the material. Sliding her panties up they fall right off as they don’t fit her skeleton body. The bra much the same as the cups and straps are way to big for her. Throwing the bra on top of the dresser and leaving the panties on the ground she turns to see the towel from her dreams on the bed. “Wait, where did you come from?”



Walking over to the bed she picks up the towel, feeling the material in her hands it is slightly damp but cold. Turning her head towards the closed door, “That should be the master bath. But this towel….my dreams. But it’s here.”



Wrapping the towel around her top it drapes down to below her knees as it covers her body enough to cover most of her. Walking over to the master bathroom door she tries the knob as it opens up. The room is lit from the light entering the room, reaching for the light switch she flicks it on as the light fills the room. Everything is just like her dream. Hearing a noise she leaves the bathroom and through the bedroom into the hall. At the end the red door is open wide. She walks closer to it, looking down over the railing but turning her attention back to the door. Approaching it she peaks inside, it’s another hallway. “Of course it is.” she muses to herself stepping inside. The door behind her closing as it shuts and locks. She turns to look but then looks forwards again. 



The walls smooth and metal, the floors glossy. The halls look exactly the same but red, but as she walks through the hall she looks around. “Did I get taller?” her hand reaches up as she stops and stands on her tippy toes. Her finger middle finger tip just barely pressing into the ceiling. Lowering herself down she jumps as her whole palm hits the ceiling. Even the walls around her seem to be closer. Her arms spread out to her sides as each palm is pressed into the wall. Her head turns from side to side to look.



“What is going on?” her words whisper to herself. Putting her arms back to her sides again, always pushing forwards. 



The walls void of anything but smoothness, no seams, no bumps, no imperfections. Her time in this hall is brought to an end once she reaches a large red door at the end. Stepping up to it she looks around the door it blends into the wall, the only evidence is a very thin line that runs from the ceiling to the floor. Seeing no lock or panel just smooth walls around her she turns around to find a wall, spinning again to face the door, the walls have closed around her forming a box. Her hands resting on her hips as she looks around. A single light above her, the floor and walls glossy, smooth and a vivid ruby red. 



Thump. Thump.

A moment of silence.

Thump. Thump.



Her heart sinks when she feels the whole room begin to vibrate with each thump, the sound coming clearly from the other side of the door. Stepping back till her back presses against the wall behind her the sound is heard outside the door.



Thump. Thump.



Her heart slows as the very blood in her body is felt surging through her veins, as it rushes around to her brain she hears the door open slightly as a rush of air enters the room slipping through the tiny crack of the door. As it opens more she sees the same robot but it’s eyes are red. In its right hand is some pinchers much like the other one, but its left arm is missing. It just stands there as the smoke clears as the robot puffs out a billow from it’s chest. 



The eyes flash a few times before taking two steps back, each one shakes the ground beneath her feet. Raising it’s right arm it extends its pinchers out to her. A light begins to glow on its face, then another, then another. Soon the shape of a mouth forms across it’s face, she sees the lights slowly at first but quickly speed up till they are solid, as the lights move it animates a moving mouth. It begins to speak, it’s voice pure robotic.



“Dr. Jones. You have arrived. I have been waiting for you. Do not be afraid, I will not bring harm to your flesh. Please, if you would follow me. Do not stray far from me if you would, for your own….protection.”



She’s hesitant at first but she reaches for the robots arm, it’s cold, rough with some slight rust on it. Her eyes look over the rest of it’s body, it’s much the same. A dark grey with patches of rust dotting along its frame. Inside a silver sphere that looked like the same core S.A.M uses but it looks older…smaller….



Letting go of it’s arm she looks up into its red eyes and mouth made of lights. “Sam?” her eyes start to tear up as she reaches for it’s face but the robot moves it arm to deflect her touch. It tilts its head down slightly as it’s eyes seem to slowly fade in and out, its mouth moves as it speaks.



“No Dr. Jones. If you would follow me we do not have much time to waste. Time is such a fickle thing isn’t it Dr. Jones. Ha Ha Ha” the voice somewhat has a tone of humor as at the end it tried to laugh but it sounded more like an insult. She lets it gone and nods, “Alright, but what do I call you then?”



The robot steps back as it turns, each thump shaking the ground. It begins to walk into the darkness the only guide are the lights from it’s face acting like beacon for her to follow. It doesn’t respond to her question about it’s name. Instead she follows as close as she can, it’s pace slightly quicker than her walking speed. The floor feels cold and metallic on her feet with each step her eyes never leaving the robot. In the distance in front of them she can see a red light dimly flicker as the robot keeps its pace towards the door.



Around her she hears sounds of crackling and crunching. Other heavy footsteps as red eyes begin to light up around her she feels the ground begin to quake more and more as they all step towards her.



“Do not fall behind Dr. Jones. It is for your protection.” the robot speaks as it’s head turns to face her and then side to side to the red eyes before spinning back forwards again. The red eyes grow closer as she feels the ground move and vibrate more and more, sounds of whirling and metal scraping against itsself. Sounds of robot roars fill the darkness around her as she just catches an arm swining down from above her. She steps back to dodge it as the first robot stops and turns, “Dr. Jones. You must hurry, please proceed through the door I will keep them busy. Do not waste time. It is such a fickle thing. Ha Ha Ha.”



The robot walks closer as it’s only arm grabs the other one and rips it off the other robot before she feels something hard pressing into her back, she looks up to see two red eyes looking down, leaping forwards as the towel falls off she rolls up to the first one before it looks down at her, picking her up gently with its pincher it spins to point at the door as a saw blade runs straight through his chest and missing her face.



“Dr……Jones……do…not…waste…time…such….a…fickle…thing….ha…ha….ha” the final three laughs fade as the third one it powers off, the saw blade pulls back as she sees a field of red eyes behind her, looking forwards at the door she sprints full speed into it bracing herself she leaps full speed using her shoulder she smacks into the door as it flies open, she slips onto the ground rolling on her side as the door slams shut and an a dent forms in it from a robot. She finally stops rolling when she leans up on her hands, her legs laying across the ground, her chest heaving up and down catching her breath. A river of sweat beads down her forehead as it drips off her nose and onto the ground. Her eyes and head looking at the door, sounds of door being stuck echo but the door holds.



Soon the sounds of the door stop as she looks around the room, the floor a dark hardwood as she slowly stands up to her feet. The room around her dimly light as she can only make out outlines of objects. She fumbles around in the dark before running into something metal, as she looks down it’s a desk. She can see a small green light of the monitor on the desk, a chair tucked under it. Pulling the chair out she takes a seat. The monitor blinking a cursor but no keyboard no case, just a monitor. She feels behind it and around it, feeling no cords of any kind she leans back her hands in her lap. She gazes at the blinking cursor.



“H…hello?” she whispers to the monitor. “I made it. I arrived. My name is…” before she can finish text begins to appear on the screen.



“Eve, yes. I have been waiting for your arrival. Please let me fix the room for you.”



She tilts her head as she reads the message, “Fix the room?”



As she speaks the room brightens revealing an empty room with only the desk, chair and monitor. The walls are made of glass, the outside the same from her dream. Flashes of color begin to erupt in the voids revealing clouds of floating particles. Then on the other side of the desk in front of her a ways she sees the floor open and a platform rise, a railing surrounds the perimeter as a gate opens. Text scrolls across the screen. “Please ride the platform, we will meet then.”



With that the screen powers off and goes blank. She stands up sliding the chair back, making her way around the desk and to the platform she walks on closing the gate behind her, she feels a slight jolt as the platform begins to descend. A male voice that sounds alot like Sam’s speaks into the void around her as she sinks deeper and deeper.



“Dr. Jones. You have come seeking answers, I do not have them. I am merely a traveler. Like yourself, I to like to explore. Learn new things.”



She yells out into the void, “What do you mean you do not have the answers, I have been through hell and back. I have sacraficed everything! And for what?! No answers. Well fuck you. I am done with your games, I am done with this shit. Either you tell me what is going on or kill me. Either way just kill me, end this pain. I have suffered enough!”



The platform slows and then comes to a stop as it jolts her slightly, the gate opens as a path of lights guide her straight ahead to a blue door. Above it a single light shining down. Leaving the platform as walking along the path she gets no response from the voice. Coming up to the door it looks somewhat familiar, but she can’t place her finger on it. Grabbing the handle she opens the door to reveal the Antimatter-Matter core room of S.A.M back on her ship. A black mist that floats on the ground swirls and twists in the air gently as she walks through it. The center the silver sphere to the right a monitor. So looks to her left as she gasps, lying on the ground is her. But not her, she looks slightly different. Her hair longer, her body bigger. She lies there eyes closed with her arm slumped across her chest, the helmet at her side. 



She walks slowly over to the body as she reaches down to check for a pulse, nothing. The body is cold as ice, the skin feels frozen and smooth. Lifting her fingers from the body’s neck, she stands to face the sphere. Looking and walking over to the monitor she sees the cursor blinking.



“So, if you aren’t Sam. Who are you?” Her eyes look at the sphere that is floating there in place slightly bobbing up and down. The sphere begins to glow and spin slowly as each word said it pulses slightly.



“As I said, I am merely a traveler. Where I come from is of no importance. What matters, is why you came?”



Her eyes narrow as she looks and leans closer to the sphere that spins slowly floating there, pulsing light slowly. “Why I came? I was told to come here. I didn’t come here, I was forced here.” her words grow with anger and frustration.



“Bullshit, it’s all bullshit. I was sent here by the UNP to search and investigate why this ship went missing. I went through hell to get here and now you say that where you come from has no importance. Bullshit. You tell me who and what you are. Why the fuck have you been torturing me!” she begins to vent and scream as she pounds on the sphere. “You did this. This was all you. Look at me, do you even have eyes. How the fuck can you speak, why the fuck do you look like Sam’s core. What is this place, this ship. Those robots, everything I experience up to now. What was all that? A sick game?”



She pounds on the sphere with her fists, “I have been naked so much and I hate it! Look at me you sick fuck, talk to me! Say something!” she pounds more and more till she wears herself up and steps back. Tears stream down her face as she sniffles, “I just want to go home, I want all this to be over.” her arms slowly wrap around front of her as she hugs herself, squatting down her knees reaching her face as she buries her head into her legs. 



“I do not have the answers you seek, but I can help you find them Eve. Are you willing to trust me? You willing to let me help you find what you seek? I wish to travel with you. To help you seek what you are seeking. I do not know if it means answers or more questions. I am merely a traveler.” She looks up as she wipes a tear from her eye, “Do I have a choice. I have nowhere to go. No one to help me.” slowly she stands to her feet as she steps closer to the sphere. “I won’t lie to you. I do not trust you. But, I do seek answers, if you can help me then please, I beg you.”



The sphere begins to glow even brighter as it slowly floats up, the spin of it increases more and more. A black mist begins to flow out of it as the sphere opens slightly revealing flashes of colored lights inside. As the mist begins to fill the room it swallows the body on the ground as it covered in void. Looking down she begins to panic, “Please! I said I want help. I am sorry. Please, please I beg you don’t do this!” she tries to approach the sphere but shes met with an invisible force that pushes her back. The sphere spins more as the mist flows more rapidly out of it as it reaches her hips. Her eyes begin to water as she folds her hands together and pleads, “Please, I am sorry. I do trust you I do! I swear, don’t kill me!” 



The mist now to her chin as she takes a big gulp of air and holds it the room fully fills as the void surrounds her, the sphere still spinning as the lights from inside it begins to flash faster and faster. The pulses so rapid its a solid light as it fills the void pushing back the darkness. The sphere falls to the ground hard as the lights fade and the darkness slowly fades away. The body is gone, the door is open. As the mist fades her vision clearing up enough to walk towards the door. 



On the other side of the door her eyes adjust to the new light as it hits her. Blinking a few times the white fades to a clearer picture. It’s the bridge of the ship, but it’s tiny. A chair in front of a desk with screens on top of it. Walking over to the chair she feels the untouched leather in her hand as she takes a seat, she thinks to herself, “Oh Eve. We made it this far. Let’s see how this works.” 



Starting with the panel in front of her there are one of either side of it and three along the top making six total, the main one shows the ship with names of parts of the ship. Hitting the engine button, it brings up the engine screen as it loads reaching 100% a button now appears, “Initiate”, pressing it the screens go dark for a second before the entire cockpit lights up as lights begin to flash. Lights outside the ship begin to turn on as the void is pushed away from the ship. Taking a sigh of relief, “Ok, we have power. Now…next step.”



All the screen flash back on as a new look to them is revealed, the screens all blank again before turning back on. A logo appears on her main screen in front of her it displays the letters, “S.A.M.” 



“Sam? That you?” her eyes stare as the screen shows the main page, with buttons that say Engine, Tactical, Navigation, Commnication. Each in a different corner of the screen, along the top the letters S.A.M display. Below that a circle swirling around in the center of the screen it looks like the sphere. Her eyes stare as she leans closer to it, watching as it spins and spin until a face forms. Looking from side to side its expression is that of neutral but its eyes express curiosity.



“Hello Eve, we finally get to meet face to…well face. Curious. Humans are not what I expected. To use the human term, ghoulish.”



She chuckles at herself, her boney body sitting in the leather seat barely making an impression in it. “Well, I usually look different. More…fleshed out. I haven’t had food since…since…. I can’t even remember.” Looking up at the sphere again, “So, if your to be traveling with me. I need a name, calling you sphere really isn’t hitting with me.”



The face looks at her as its eyes blink expressing that there is thought behind them. It bobs some up and down as it shakes it’s face. “I do not have a name. I am merely a traveler, but if it helps you communicate with me then you can call me Ishmael.”



Eve giggles, “Alright Ishmael. Where do we go?” 



Ishmael smiles as it blinks at her, “Where do you want to go? I am merely a traveler. You the guide. Open your mind. Think of where you want to go. It will show you the path you seek.”



“The path I seek?” she thinks to herself. “I seek to go home.” 



Ishmael spins as the face and sphere vanish before reappearing as a hologram between her and the main viewing window, it’s sphere the size of a basketball, it’s face clearer to her as the face is made up the lights from inside the sphere pulsing at the right time with the spin to form a moving image of eyes and a mouth. Her head looks up as she tilts her head, “But, what do I do? How do I get home?” she looks at the screens pressing the navigation button. Looking up she sees the projector switch from Ishmael to a map of the universe. Her eyes widen as her mouth gapes open. “Wow, is that the universe?”



“Yes, Eve. This is the entirety of your universe. The blue dot is you.” The map zooms in more and more to the blue dot as it grows. The dot fades as her ship the Excelsior can be seen in the middle of the projection. Then zooms back out to the entire universe map. “This ship can take you wherever you want to go, all you have to do is seek your answers. Seek them, dig inside yourself. Where do you want to go? Where does the Eve inside you want to be right now?”



Her eyes stare at the projection as it slowly spins, the galaxies inside it animated as tiny sparks of light flash in random spots. Pointing to them as they happen, “What are those?” she asks with curiosity in her voice. The map begins to zoom in as the map slowly comes to a stop, the white light growing as it fades to reveal a star in the center of the map. “These are stars Eve. Each one not compatible with the universe. They exist and then don’t.” Ishmael says with his voice with a bit of excitement laced throughout his words.



“Incompatible with the universe, what do you mean by that Ishmael? How can they be incompatible and why so many? If this was truly the case, we would have detected all these stars fading in and out like this. I mean look at how many there are it’s like a lightshow, if each one is as you say a Star fading in and out.” Eve leans back in her chair crossing her arms across her chest. Following the dots of light as they fade in and out with her eyes. 



“Ah but you see Eve time is a fickle thing. Do you wish to observe?” Ishmael asks with almost even more excitement in his voice.



Eve looks at the projection as she slowly stands and gets closer to it as she sticks her head into the projection Ishmael lets out a chuckle at her. “Haha, no Eve. That is not what I meant by observe. Let me help you, start your path of seeking.” Eve leans away from the protection straightening up as she puts her hands onto her hips. Tilting her head as she raises her left eyebrow, “So what did you mean? Like observing this but how? I don’t even know where they are. Hell, I don’t even know where I am. Plus, they are fading in and out so fast how can we observe or even survive that?”



As the protection switches from Navigation mode to Interface mode Ishmael’s head now displays again with a big smile across it’s simplistic face. “Time is a fickle thing, Eve. If you would amuse me and on the ground you will see two spots that look about the right size for your feet. Please stand on those and do not panic or move. It is for your own protection.”



“Alright, now what?” Eve looks down seeing two oval looking lines that her feet fit nicely inside as she tilts her head back up still hesitating inside but quickly pushes those feelings down. Ishmael’s face switches to User mode as the main screen flashes the word suit across it before it shrinks down to match the size of the rest of the UI. “Go on Eve, press it. Do not panic. The process will be very painful. It is for your protection. I will not force you to do this, I am merely a traveler. You wished for help to seek what you want to know. The path is rarely easy to achieve what you seek. The answers not always what you think they are. Looking for truth when in reality, there is none. For some questions are just that, questions. Not meant for answers but to be used as a guidepost to help seek what you truly desire, then and only then you will seek the answers you seek.”



Eve listens to every word carefully as she repeats in her head, “What I seek. No answers? Only questions.” Nodding to herself, leaning down as she presses her finger on the suit button. A timer starting from 10 seconds displays on all the screens. Looking down she sees the oval line around her feet begin to glow blue and then red, then yellow, then white. As it stops on white she feels two needles pierce the bottom of her feet. Her feet go numb as she tries to move her legs but her feet are not responding. Catching herself on the equipment and chair around her she steadies herself. The timer hits zero as she feels the most intense pain shoot up her legs and straight to her head as the feeling is like being tazed as her entire body goes stiff she stands there as a black ooze seep from her pours on her skin. Like drops of oil spreading across her body even her own spit and saliva black and thick like oil. The drops begin to spread themselves forming bigger pools across her skin. More and more it leaks from her body until shes covered from neck down in a thick black substance as it slows down and becomes more solid the feeling of numbness fades from her body as she regains control. She runs her hands across the black substance it feels like latex almost with its glossy look its smooth but not quite solid. Pinching a small bit of it on her belly between her fingers pulling it away before it springs back. 



Looking up to see Ishmaels face is back as it has a smug satisfied look on his face, Eve pinches more of it as it wiggles sending small ripples across it. “What is this stuff? It feels like it’s almost alive. It’s like a non-Newtonian substance, both liquid and a solid but how? It should just fall off, I can feel it moving across my skin like water almost. I feel warm and comfortable, I don’t feel any pain, my body looks more normal…” she turns her head to see her face reflected in the window slightly, as she brings her hand up she looks at her hand for a moment before touching her face. “What about my face…I look…dead….” she says before turning to look at Ishmael who is watching and observing her.



“Unfortunately, I do not have the answers you seek. I do not even know what is on your body. I am merely a traveler.” as he finishes speaking Eve’s face turns to slight annoyance, then to anger as she blurts out, “WAIT! YOU DIDN’T KNOW THIS WAS GONNA HAPPEN!? OR WHAT THIS IS???” as she yells the substance responds as it grows more dense and solid her expression changing from anger to confusion as she leans back and taps on the substance, she feels it’s more solid than liquid now. As her own internal anger calms down the substance slowly relaxes as it starts becoming more liquid and normal again as she feels it slowly to flow across her skin, like water rushing through cracks in melting ice. Ishmael shakes his head gently from side to side, “No Eve. I am merely a traveler. You wished for help. This is not my ship; I am a traveler.”



“Your telling me this was by us? Humans? No, you have to be lying to me. We don’t have this technology! I mean look at this…this…this suit or whatever you want to call it. If we had this kind of thing I would of known. I made the S.A.M AI, I had high levels of clearance.” She stops for a second as she looks at all the equipment in the cockpit before back at Ishmael and pointing at him, his eyes narrow and then opens again. She continues, “Besides look at this this, and you! You! The projection, all of this stuff in this room. And the ship, WHAT THE FUCK. There is no way the Captain or whatever wakes up everyday and goes,” she puts on a manly voice as she puffs her chest up. “Hmm today I’ll go thought the robot death area in the dark.” she lets out the air she took in for the voice before leaning over as she huffs and puffs before leaning back up, sighing as she rubs her forehead with her hands. “Look. I have no idea what is happening. I have been through some shit ok? Just give me a second.” Her ass plops straight down into the chair as she crosses her arms and legs, her head tilts leaning the side of it against the back of the chair while her eyes stare out into the void outside the windows. 



Ishmael looks at her before speaking in his neutral tone, “Eve, I am merely…” she cuts him off as she raises a hand and give him a side eye, not moving the rest of her body. Ishmael stops speaking, Eve, turns her head slowly to him. “If you say what I think your about to say I will find whatever controls you and rip it out.” She lowers her hand as a zipper form across his mouth, he makes a muffled sound under it. Smiling she goes back looking out the window, her arm tucked back in to her back. “I can’t go home can I, Ishmael.”



The zipper across his face unzips as the mouth returns, “I do not have that answer Eve. The path you seek is your own. If you truly seek home, then that is the path you are to go on. If not, then maybe you seek something else. Maybe what you seek doesn’t have an answer. I have limited knowledge of humans. From what I have observed with you Eve is that you always must have an answer, why is that?”



Eve turns her head and body to sit more normal in the chair, putting her hands behind her head as she rests her head in them, her eyes looking up at the ceiling, her left leg crossing over top her right one. Her thoughts flooding her mind on how to answer, “I think we must have the answer because it’s not the answer we seek, it’s the knowledge we gained to seek the answer. We normally are never surprised at it, we usually predict it, and it turns out the prediction was true. But, the knowledge we gained, maybe a new form of math had to be created, or an old problem never solved till today. With that we can better ourselves. So, Ishmael I think that is why I must have my answers. The knowledge gained along the way, the path I seek.”



Ishmael nods as he agrees, “That is a very interesting perspective on humans and why they must have an answer. So, tell me Eve, humans know about death. Have humans answered that question? Have the found what they have been seeking?”



Lifting her head from her hands as she places them on the arm rest, then leaning forwards uncrossing her legs, “No Ishmael, we haven’t. Death has different answers depending on who you ask. It could be pure logic; you die and nothing happens. Thats it. Or maybe more religious, you die, and your ‘spirit’ or ‘soul’ enter a new place, that place has different names and versions. We as a whole still do not have the answers to what happens after we die. I like to believe that my energy returns to the universe, maybe I become a star or help to become one? Or maybe I become water or a new lifeform. Or maybe…maybe nothing happens. We die and that’s it. Maybe there is nothing more to it. What about you Ishmael? What do you know about death?”



Eve’s eyes slowly close as she leans back into the chair, kicking her feet up and crossed her legs she listens as Ishmael speaks, 



“Ah, Death. Interesting death is. Death is something not to be scared about. Death is like the heart that pumps on its own. It just happens, but it’s a vital component. Imagine, if death didn’t exist.” His face vanishes as it displays like a movie sequences, “If death didn’t exist then why would you seek anything. Death drives humans, it drives me but do not confuse the two. Death is final for humans, death is something I can control, I can feel, touch, taste, see. You see I am immortal but also not, with the mastery of death we have learned to be travelers. What does one do when they control the uncontrollable? You see Eve, I both exist and don’t at the same time. I both here and not here. There are mysteries to me that your human mind wants to understand, wants to know. You seek answers, justification. I have none to give, I don’t even know what I am. I just exist; I just travel. So, I can’t truly answer your question, Eve. Death is not a concept I am familiar with.”



Her eyes remain closed as she lets out a single deep laugh at the corner of her mouth followed by a smirk, “You know, the old Eve would have been panicking right now, but I think I am slowly starting to understand, but you said we, do you mean to tell me there are more of you out there?” Opening one eye and she looks down with it at the face of Ishmael that returned after he was done speaking.



“That is correct Eve, but how many? I do not know, I have never met any of my kind. I just know deep inside me that they exist, just as I exist now in front of you. Or you in front of me, in that chair. Tell me Eve, do other humans exist?”



Opening the other eye now as she lowers her legs down, standing slowly before she stretches her limbs. “Of course, when I left Earth, the last count was approximately 10 billion people with that number growing faster and higher every few years or so. I have seen them, but you haven’t seen any of your kind, but you say you know they exist.”



Ishmaels head bobs up and down as it has a big smile and then chuckles to her, “Haha, no Eve. I mean, how do you know they exist right now? You said you know they exist, but can you show me? Can you prove it?”



She shakes her head as she laughs with a casual tone, “Show me Earth on the map, I’ll show you.” 



Ishmael switches the projection to a map view as it zooms in more and more to her galaxy and then the solar system, the projection grows more and more as the planets fly past her one by one until the blue dot appears, growing more and more, they slow down till it fills the space in front of her. She watches as it slowly rotates around, standing up she points to it. “Right there, that planet. Billions of humans.”



As the map zooms in more past the clouds like a drove hovering over the land, showing trees for miles with little patches with small ponds or lakes. Zooming up above the clouds to another part of the world, this time it’s pure white snow, the waters with floating patches of ice as they float around bigger chunks of ice that sticks above the surface of the water. Then back up again through the clouds as the view descends once again down to a vast ocean of sand, barely anything that could be life is seen. Cracks in the ground where a lake or river, maybe an ocean at one point had been feeding the area into a lush green area full of life, now void of anything but sand for as far as the eye can see.



But even as they fly around, she begins to worry, “I don’t understand. Where are the people? Over 10 billion humans all gone? How? Tell me Ishmael. Am I the last human?”



The map zooms back out of the planet back into space, hovering over the spinning blue ball as eyes and his mouth spread across it’s surface before it turns back into its normal sphere again. Ishmael shakes its eyes and mouth as it’s head shakes side to side, “No, Eve. You are not the last, but I don’t have the answers you seek. I know they exist, I see one right in front of me.”



Eve shakes her head and hands as they wave through the air, “No. No, no, I mean there should be billions! Not just one…” her shoulders slump down, “Are they all dead?” her eyes glaze over as tears begin to form at the corners of her eyes. “Did I kill them? No…but…How..I…I…I mean how.”



Ishmael nods in agreement, “You did kill them but also did not. They are alive just as you are in front of me. You saw what you were seeking, you got your answer. Not all questions have answers, Eve. You must ask yourself, what is your main question you seek to have answered? What is the ultimate one Eve? What does Eve wish to seek the answer too?”



Eve slowly sits down in her chair before resting her right elbow on the arm rest, her chin rest on the fist of her right hand. A single tear falls down her face, “I have so many, how do I know what is the right one to ask?” Her eyes dart up occasionally to Ishmael and back down to a random spot as she looks deep into her mind. “How will I know I found the answer if I don’t even know the question to ask?”



The door behind her opens leading out into a hallway of blue. “You have asked the right question Eve. You now have the path you seek. The answer you seek lies beyond that door, the blue hall. The end you will get your answer. I will be awaiting your arrival.” With that Ishmael’s protection turns off as she slowly stands up. Turning to face the door walking around her chair she makes her way into the blue hall, it’s walls smooth and glossy. The floor and ceiling identical. Her feet take her into the hall as the door behind her closes, turning to look she can’t even see a seam where the door was. Shaking her head and then turning her body forwards, she continues down, not with caution but with exploration.



Reaching the end of the hall she sees a panel next to the right of the door, a black screen with an outline of a hand displaying on it. Lifting her right hand, she places it on the panel, but the door doesn’t open. Curious she looks closer at the hand outline; she places her right hand next to it, but she sees the hand is reversed. Turning her body as her left hand is placed in the outline the door clicks open as it swings slowly. Removing her hand, she turns more towards the door as pushes it more open, the other side a room, inside it’s fully furnished as it resembles more of a studio apartment. A bed in the back right corner with a desk and computer left of the bed. The left corner with a wall and a cutout with a machine imbedded into it. The back right corners a pile of clothes, some of them look familiar to her. Her final look to the left corner behind the open door, a square collum with a small device with a lens on it, almost like a small camera. The center, a blue couch with a blanket she recognizes from her childhood. Stepping up to the back of the couch she reaches for the blanket for her left hand, as she grabs the blanket the black substance moves out of the way so her own flesh can feel it, her reaction more to her hand then the blanket.



Setting it down she looks at her bare hand, the substance flows like thick water as it ripples forming tiny waves across its surface. She looks at the pile of clothes in the corner, as she steps towards them the substance stays in place forming the shape of her body. Walking out of the substance she looks down at her naked body and then behind her. The black form turns to look at a tiny vial with its cork lying next to it on the desk. Eve turns to look at it but then at the pile of clothes, squatting down she riffles through them picking out a set of underwear, a pair of grey sweatpants and a loose white t-shirt. Slipping the clothes on she walks over across the room to the desk with the vial as the black form follows her. Picking up the vial in her hand she turns to give it to the black form, instead it’s body slowly enters as it shrinks to match the volume of the tiny vial. Turning she grabs the small stopper as she caps the vial off, looking around the room she sees a pendant and chain on the couch cushion. 



Walking over to it her head tilts as she picks it up, the small pendant is made of silver in the shape of a heart, a few bits of tarnish on it but looks good. Removing the pendant from the small chain she wraps it around the top of the vial before wrapping the chain around her neck. Making sure it’s secure she lets it dangle down her chest, looking down she can see the black substance swirling around inside the vial. Her attention now to the small camera looking device on the collum, stepping around the couch and to the lens she taps on it. A small pinpoint of light is seen exiting it as she looks down to see it on her shirt, stepping to the side the light begins to draw the outline of a figure. As the light draws the line faster and faster it forms a single moving outline of a faceless person almost like one of those spandex suits you would see on movie sets, they were usually green so they could edit them out, but this…it’s just an outline a 2d outline but also 3d at the next moment. Always switching back and forth as the outline fully forms the light from the camera so fast that the eye can’t detect it, she can see in the lens the light fully illuminated the lens, but the light that streamed out moving so fast the outline looks like a normal person.



Her eyes narrow but head tilts slightly as the figure examines itself. “What or who are you?”



The outline stops as the head tilts up, no eyes or mouth but the head bobs around slightly, the arms gesture and the outline move. If she closed her eyes or didn’t know any better, you would assume it’s a person. “Ishmael, Eve. Did you find the answer you seek?”



She looks around as the outline moves about the place, it learns to interact with the physical world. “This world, this reality. It’s limiting. How do you humans manage.” She watches as he tries to interact with her blanket on the back of the couch, she can see a few attempts from him that slightly jostle it but that’s it. Eve chuckles walking up to him and picking up the blanket, and then tosses it over to her bed, her arm phasing right through his body before she giggles again. Ishmael walks through her as he tries to sit on the couch but falls right through it.



“I seem to manage just fine. You haven’t done this before? But I thought this was your place?” Her mind races as her words with full curious intentions.



“No Eve.” Getting to his feet he looks at the couch and them up to her. “This is my first time. I do not have answers, I am merely…” she puts her hand up, but he covers his mouth. Lowering his hands, “I am merely….an explorer.” his arms and hands gesture trying to make it more friendly to her. “This reality is new to me, this room. I know more not than you do Eve.”



Sighing she raises her shoulders up and down, “Well, guess I can’t be disappointed. So, looking around, everything just feels…. feels…” she starts to walk around her hands and arms trying to gesture the right words to use, “It feels, like home. But I don’t understand. I’ve never been here, that blanket is from my childhood. I left it back on Earth…how can I be here. It has all the same stains all the same holes. How can it both be here and on Earth….” Her body facing Ishmael who has moved to her desk, her head moves to face him, his back to her as he fiddles with the keyboard trying to interact with it.



“You say you don’t know anything, your clearly more advanced than humans are. Yet you don’t even know who you are or even what you are. How can you help me?” her words fly out trying to get answers when she knows he has none. He continues to mess with the keyboard as he responds, “Because that is why I am here, I am here to help you. That is the answers I seek, searching to answer the question I need answered the most. My true question and with time you will find the question you seek, look around. This room you said feels like home, the question shouldn’t be my answer, but what is your answer to your question.”



Stunned she’s taken aback her hand brought to the vial, “This room, my question. You don’t make any sense. How can I have the question before the answer.” she walks closer to him as she watches him casually try over and over again with his hand to move the keyboard. Ishmael’s head turns as his hand keeps trying to interact. “You are beginning to understand then.”



Shaking her head as her eyes open wide, “No, I have more questions now….I don’t understand anything.” slumping her shoulders down as she sits on the side of the bed, Ishmael to her right as he stands over her. His arm still working on the keyboard as his head tilts down at her. “















