**Anna**
The office was quiet as it was nearing the end of the day, the clock on the wall as Anya walks past it showing 5:05pm. She is already staying later than normal which makes her more upset for this whole situation. Nervously, she shifts from foot to foot as her heels, heavy with clicking on the tile floor, approaches Brynn’s office. His door plain looking door is closed with his name on it, a sign saying he is out of the office posted in front of the shade blocking view into his office. Standing in front of his door, small bits of light poke through the shade to indicate he is still here. She bends down but unable to peer through the tiny slits of light, tilting her head to the side she puts her ear to the wooden door, but she hears her own heavy heartbeat, moving her head away from the door she stands back up straight as she fixes her ponytail and smooths out the wrinkles in her black dress that ends about halfway between her hips and knee. Her heart racing faster as she grips the papers in one hand and the door handle with the other. “You got this.” She thinks to herself, palms sweaty as she turns the handle, opening the door slowly. Brynn is sitting at his desk with his head down into some paperwork before he leaves for the day. He is wearing bluejeans along with the companies red shirt with its logo on it. His brown leather jacket hangs on the hook along the wall behind him, his computer monitor turned off with a silly sign over it that says, “The files are in the computer?” in reference to the movie Zoolander, along with the image of the scene to match. She steps inside his office closing the door behind her carefully, his attention elsewhere as he doesn’t hear or see her come in and is startled when she slams the pile of papers on his desk over his own. Anya sees the sign over the monitor as she scoffs at such a childish movie, “Seems about right for him.” she mutters to herself as Brynn looks up to see Anya standing over him with her arms crossed. Brynn’s face with some confusion as she slams the papers in her hand onto the desk in front of him, taken back slightly he looks down at them and then back to her. 



“Hello to you to Anya.” Brynn’s eyes look at the papers, leaning back to where he was before he picks up the papers giving them a read before a grin begins to form across his lips, lowering the papers to show her. Anya’s eye twitches as he swears he can see steam coming from her ears and nose. Anya sighs as she speaks with an almost defeated tone but soon turns to annoyance and frustration as her face almost contorts while speaking, “Look, I am not happy about this…this…this…. ugh!” uncrossing her arms emoting with them, flailing them up and down as she stutters, trying to keep her anger under control. Her ponytail whipping around over her shoulders with her head shaking side to side to comprehend what is going on as she speaks, adding to the anger on her face. Slumping her shoulders down, her arms relax to her sides before she makes fists, they shake slightly as he can see the anger inside her. Taking a deep breath, she looks at him with her eyes slowly opening, raising on hand she points directly at him with one finger and then aggressively taps that finger on the papers on his desk. Brynn’s smile never changing as he remarks, “I don’t snore much anymore.” raising his own shoulders in response, the look on his face one of not caring. He knows this isn’t what she is upset about. It is about the fact they have to share a room. Her eyes widen as they pierce right through him, leaning forwards on the desk as she slams her fists down onto the table causing Brynn to jump back in his chair slightly. Leaning closer to him her, Brynn’s eyes dart down for a second down her cleavage to see a dim red fabric in the shadows. Her own eyes look down before she stands back up again, crossing her arms across her chest she gives him an evil look. “Fucking pervert.” Muttering under her breath before rubbing her temples with some of her fingers. Her lips move slowly and with precision, “You know EXACTLY why I am upset. This fucking company is too cheap to get us separate rooms for this little event they want us to do.” 



He tries to open his mouth, but she quickly stands up straight as she sticks her hand up palm towards him. She interjects, “Yes, I did talk to Brad. You know what he said?” the tone in her voice rises as her face turns more and more red, her arms crossing again as she turns sideways slightly. Her eyes close slightly, Brynn’s eyes meanwhile follow down her dress to her ass that the dress isn’t hiding. She speaks using a mocking tone in reference to Brad’s voice and tone, “Well you two are adults, ha-ha.” she then opens her eyes to see Brynn looking at her ass. She screams as she puts her hands into the air, “Fucking Pig. If this cheap ass company had a fucking HR department instead of outsourcing it to the cheapest bidder. Maybe I could do something about your pig pen you call an office and a life. Don’t get me started on how a pig’s life is outside this hellhole of a job.” 



Brynn’s face brightens more as he leans on his desk with his arms, Anya standing over him. “Well, what can I do about it? I’ll sleep in the chair how’s that princess?” Brynn says with a smile. Anya’s face gets even more red as she spins in place turning her back to Brynn before turning around to speak, she stops when he sees Brynn’s eyes looking at her ass again. 



She lets out a deep sigh before putting her fingers to her temples to rub them. “Look.” she says out of frustration trying to control the shitty predicament she is in. “If we have to do this, this…stupid thing of sharing a room. Then I have some ground rules, and you will follow them.” she steps closer to his desk, her hands firmly grasp the back of the chair in front of his desk. Pulling it slowly as her eyes look up at him, he swears she winked at some point, but his thoughts are interrupted by her pulling the chair away from his desk, walking around to the front of it. Brynn’s eyes stare at her slender legs as she sits with her legs to the side. Her hands holding the front of the dress down. She tries to push her dress down as she sits but it rides up enough that Brynn gets a peak at the matching underwear that peaked for a second. His heart speeds up slightly as he feels slightly lightheaded. His eyes look down between her legs, trying to undress more of her with his eyes, to hopefully get more then a small peak. Anya seeing his eyes dart down to look at the opening she is trying to cover she clears her throat loudly to get his attention as his eyes snap back up to her own, she stands up slightly, her dress pulling up slightly, turning the chair 90 degrees, then sitting back down as her upper body turns to face him, the tight dress causing her breasts to squeeze slightly as they push up into her chin, her arm laying across the desk resting on it. “First rule, touch me and you lose your balls. You think I’m having a laugh, then fucking try me.” her tone is more frustration and less anger at this time. Brynn opening his mouth to respond - I think your the one having the laugh Princess…I mean you walk in here with that dress on and expect what, exactly? - but Anya interjects before he can say something, “Second” she leans closer to him as he tries to not peak, gulping hard as it feels like a rock in his throat she threatens him, “If you try to peak at all, and I mean AT ALL!” she made sure to emphasize AT ALL. “I will feed your tiny dick to the first wild animal I see, I will make sure to use the most, rusty, dirty …. dull blade I can if you give me that look you just did. Fucking pig!” She pulls back from him turning her body to back. She rubs her temples again, the tone in her voice almost manic. “Is that all you men do! Undress women with your prime ape eyes? God you're so pathetic.” Brynn’s face turns white as she turns her head sideways, arms crossed over front of her, seeing beads of sweat drip down his face and neck, he clears his throat as to speak but doesn’t, his eyes focused to her own eyes. But even then, he can see her body begin to glisten, he keeps the temperate in his office higher for a reason. He watches as a bead of sweat drips down from behind her ear, down her neck and between her cleavage. Anya follows his eyes as she looks down at the bead of sweat falling between her breasts and vanishing under the clothes. She looks up at him, Brynn follows suit as he takes a big gulp. His heart beats faster, feeling his pants getting tighter in his lap. Adjusting himself by shifting in the chair, she catches a glimpse of his member making a small tent in his pants before he shifts to cover it. Her eyes narrow but then she licks her lips slightly, her own heart rate increasing, the mind races with thoughts of what may be under those jeans, what secret he harbors - Maybe he can back up his words, I mean it’s been awhile Anya right? What harm could there be? - She shakes her head clearing those thoughts out of her head, “Focus Anya” repeating in her head. As her head shakes from side to side, opening her eyes to see her own gaze meets his whose face is like a ghost as he swallows again. Hers bright red, before looking up at the clock on the wall above him showing 5:10pm, her favorite show starts its new season tonight, and these delays are making it worse. She sighs again, standing up slowly from the chair, “You sure you want to do this Anya.” thinking to herself as she turns her back to him whispering loud enough for him to hear her shaky words, “If you say a word I will walk out of this room.” reaching up behind her back, Brynn’s eyes move to follow her hands, his own breathing increases, his tent pulses slightly, a small damp spot begins to form at the tip of the tent. Her hand brushes across the metal zipper behind her neck, her gentle fingers start to pull down on the zipper, she hears Brynn quickly standing up as the chair squeaks, Anya’s head and eyes instantly spin around to look over her shoulder, as she lowers her hands from the zipper. Her eye looks down to see the small tent growing in his pants. The sight of her lowering her hands from her zipper and the fact he got caught causes him to whimper slightly before sitting back down in his chair, covering his crotch by sliding his lap under the desk and resting his arms under the table. She turns her back around, her hands making their way back up to the partly unzipped dress. “I am doing this so we can get this stupid shit over with. Obviously, you think with your cock, and I am not going to get anything out of you because your primitive male mind doesn’t have enough blood to use both of them.” 



Anya speaks with command, but Brynn notices the slight pitch in her voice, an almost shakiness to it. His gaze to her hands, slowly unzipping her dress enough to slip her arms out one keeping the dress from falling down and revealing more than she wants. She occasionally glaces back over her shoulder, to see him moving his arms slowly under his desk, a sly smile plays across her lips as she reveals more of her shoulder. Brynn watching carefully, his gaze to her small lips with ruby red lipstick. She switches sides with her gaze to the other shoulder, his heart beats faster, his tent growing more stiff, the damp spot growing, a slightly smell emanates from under the desk. Slipping both arms out now, turning her head forwards again, crossing her arms in front of her to keep the front of her dress up, she spins slowly to face him, Brynn’s heart races more as his eyes wander up her body starting with her slender legs as she turns, that’s darkened by the tan she gets every month. Her tight ass is outlined by the tight dress that leaves little to the imagination. His eyes eventually make their journey up and over to her chest, his jaw slowly dropping, his mouth drying up, as tongue slowly sticks out from his mouth. Anya’s face, bright red, reacting to his gaze before she takes a breath, “You get five seconds to look. DO NOT TOUCH. Do NOT move. I am doing this so you can stop imagining it, God men are so disgusting.” She sighs again before lowering her arms and letting the dress fall enough to expose her red lacy bra with her well-endowed breasts that seem to overfill her bra. The five seconds feel like an eternity to her as she wants this to be over, this stupid job, stupid male perverted coworkers, but only a moment to Brynn as his thoughts are more perverted as his cock begins to take over his thoughts as they focus on the soft and silky skin, the way her bra squeezes her breasts under its lacy fabric. His crotch pulses as he can feel his heart beating in his throat, the water on his palms that he wipes on his pant leg, his lips starting to crack, as his mouth begins to start drying up from his jaw dropping almost into his own lap. Anya on the other hand the opposite, she spins around with her back to him her face red as small part of her enjoyed his stare. Using one hand to keep the dress up her other behind her back but she can’t reach and grasp both sides of it to zip it. Brynn’s eyes follow the the curves of her bra that her breasts seem to want to burst out of it, the way she held herself from his gaze, making him want it more, the way her tanned skin on full display to him. His eyes narrow and widen again, the tent in his pants pulses with every beat of his thumping heart. Anya turns her head over her shoulder to see Brynn’s eyes glued to her back, his pupils begin to grow as she watches his eyes lower more down her body, “Not, a word. You hear me.” but her words fall on deaf ears as he swallows, and his hand reaches under his desk to rub across his crotch.



She sighs again as she speaks, “God hates me…” her shoulders slump down. “If you say a word about this.” she says as Brynn is heard standing up. Making his way behind her, she feels his body heat from his hands as they slowly reach for the zipper behind her. His hands brush slightly against the small of her bare skin along her back. Her body shivers slightly as grips the zipper with one hand, the other to put tension at the bottom. In doing so it lifts her dress up by accident as she panics, she lowers her arms to push her dress down but causes the zipper to zip back down and her ass to bump into his hips. Her eyes widen as she feels a slight bump. Clearing her throat as she stands back up straight slowly, at the same time taking a step away from him before turning around. Brynn’s grin is from ear to ear as his eyes are looking down at where her ass once was before turning around. He looks up as she surprises him with a hard slap across the face, she wants to yell and scream, calling him a dirty pig but something inside her refused to. Some feeling between her legs preventing her from hating what he did, “Stupid body. Stupid men.” she mutters to herself before clutching her dress in front to avoid it from falling. As she sides steps away from him and to the door, she keeps her front facing him as she steps back, she jumps slightly when she feels the cold door handle press into her bareback. 



“I’ll…. see you tomorrow, Brynn. We can discuss the plans tomorrow…I have…to…” she stops speaking before turning around as grabbing the door handle, quickly and aggressively she turns it as she swings the door wide open and almost runs out of his office, her face redder than a cherry. Brynn standing there with a half hard cock as he scratches his head and yells out, “Yea…. see you…tomorrow?”



——————————————————————————————————————————————————————-



Anya rushed out of the office gathering her coat throwing it over herself before grabbing her purse. Tapping her coat pocket, she feels her keys inside it. Making her way out of the office to the front door Brynn is standing there with his big dumb grin on his face as his eyes gaze down at her cleavage but hides it from her as he bows slightly, taking a small sniff of the air around her as he bows to her, smelling a muskier scent from her. He opens the door for her, “Ma’am.” he says opening the door. Anya stops for a second as she scoffs then hurries past him and out to her car. Brynn casually leaves the building as he locks the door behind him. Anya’s back to him as she stands next to her car door, hands fumbling around with the keys when she feels a presence behind her. Instantly she freezes like a statue, a small pressure is felt in her lower back, the feeling is muted from her coat, but it feels soft but firm, he’s slightly shorter than her as the image of the tent in his pants rushes into her mind causing her spine to shiver as the feeling and pressure moves up her spine slowly. Realizing it can’t be the tent from his pants but something else she doesn’t want to look behind her, her focus on the car as she looks down as she finds the car key, she still feels the pressure as it makes it way to the back of her neck. Anya inserts the key into the slot turning it as she steps back hard to bump into the person behind her. She doesn’t even look, just knocks them over. Jumping into her car, she locks the door, her entire body is shaking trying to get the car key into the ignition. The person slowly stands up as Anya turns her head to the left, it’s Brynn. He rubs the back of his head and then brushes the dirt and dust off his leather jacket. They lock eyes as she starts the car, the engine roars to life. Looking down at her shifter she puts it into reverse as Brynn waves at her. Anya ignores his attempts to talk to her, she peels out of the office parking lot and into the road as Brynn watches her leave.



The drive home for Anya is filled with tears, her body still shaking, her eyes constantly dart to her mirrors, the farther she gets from Brynn the better she feels right now, but there is also this feeling inside her, a feeling of excitement. Or something more? Taking a deep breath as she relaxes in her seat, the rest of the drive home is uneventful. “I can’t believe I did that…. what came over you Anya. You never did anything like that, for that pig? Why him, why now?” she says with a sigh as the tears flow down her face slowly one by one.



Brynn watched as her taillights shrunk, disappearing as her blinker flashed for a right turn. A smirk played on his lips – She'll be thinking about me all night – as a gentle breeze rustled the leaves, carrying with it a faint, muskier scent that he recognized from their little encounter in his office. He chuckled softly, reaching into his pocket for his phone. Reaching into his pocket he pulls out his phone as he opens his messages, scrolling through the list till he finds the name ‘Brad’. Opening the message he begins to type, 


“You will never believe what happened! Anya, she came into my office after hours before I was about to leave and came onto me hard! What did you tell her haha, whatever it is I love it! Keep it up, hey maybe this weekend event I can score her.”



Brynn sends the message as he gets a reply back from Brad, “No way dude! I was joking with her about sharing a room. But if you want to score, we can keep that a secret. If she asks to tell her about no budget for two rooms or two beds. I want all the deets!”



Brynn smiles wide as he reads the message and sends back an emoji of a smiley face, Brad responds with the same one. Brynn grabs his car keys from his pocket as he whistles walking to his car, it’s a black 88’ Pontiac Firebird with leather seats. Brynn stands next to his driver door as he looks down to see his pants are damp from the encounter before with Anya. Opening his door, he slides into his seat as he starts his car, the engine roars to life as he presses the gas pedal slightly to rev the engine up causing his car to shake and vibrate. He leaves the parking lot, turning his radio up louder as it plays 80’s rock station. 



Anya is the first to arrive home, she pulls into her dump of an apartment complex. As she enters the parking lot she pulls into her assigned spot. She sits for a second before turning the car off and grabbing her things. Making her way to the main door, and up the stairs to her apartment 203. She looks down the hall at the top of the stairs to see some guy pounding and yelling on someone’s door in the hallway. She lowers her head as she hurries to her door, her eyes and head tilting to the side ocassionally as the man continues to kick, punch and scream at the door. The other person yelling back on the other side, a female voice, babies are heard screaming from the mans direction. Dogs begin to bark more and more, each one causes her to jump her hands shaking as she fumbles the keys as they fall to the ground. Bending down she reaches for them as she feels something brush past her, she stands up straight and in a full blown panic she basically knocks her down off the hindges as she swings it open and slams it shut, locking the two dead bolts along with the chain and the door lock itself before she can relax and let her guard down.



Walking into her dimly lit apartment as the sun begins to hide and sleep for the night. Turning some lights on in the hall to see she takes her heels off. Next she pulls her coat off, walking into her living room, turning her light on next to the couch she tosses her coat onto the back of it before making her way to the small kitchen that has a small table with one chair, a stove, fridge and sink with one open counter spot. You could maybe fit two people in here she thinks to herself walking to her fridge and pulling out a bottle of beer. Twisting the cap off she downs the entire bottle before tossing it into the sink and letting out a loud burp, as she finishes, she starts to laugh slowly at first but, she falls to her knees and then her ass as she leans against the fridge as she lays on the cold dirty floor of her kitchen. Her head leaning against the cool metal of the fridge door, tears fall down her face as she laughs and cries at the same time. She looks down to see her black dress and her red bra under it, she scoffs as she looks away. Wiping her eyes of tears and sniffles to clear her nose, rolling onto her hands and knees as she stands up. Reaching behind her she grabs the zipper of her dress as she peels it down, images of what happened no more an hour ago in Brynn’s office flood her mind, the way his hands brushed past her bare skin. The heat from his body and breath, the damp spot in his pants from the tent that was being formed. Her body begins to get warmer as the dress falls to her feet, she stands in the kitchen with just her red lacy bra and panties to match. 



Bending down to pick up the dress she walks over to the couch tossing it without care on the back of it, next to the coat. Her head looks down at the dress - The one day I wear this stupid thing trying to be more ‘sexy’ - then at the bathroom door, “Yes please!” she mutters out loud with enthusiasm. “Time to wash his filith….” she stops mid sentence, feeling disgusted but also turned on she shakes those thoughts from her mind as she begins to walk to the door, unhooking her bra and throwing it on the ground, she rubs her breasts as they itch but stops and looks down to see her nipples are hard as a rock, slumping her shoulder as she sighs. Anya walks into the bathroom turning the light on, standing in front of the mirror topless she inspects her breasts, feeling them in her hands, see how hard her nipples are, how red her skin is getting as her body begins to warm up again, the wetness between her thighs builds again. Brynn’s hands are felt in her mind as she closes her eyes, a soft moan escapes her lips. Opening her eyes again, pushing or trying to push thoughts of Brynn’s body, his musk, the tent in his pants with the dark damp spot on his jeans. Her mind undressing him revealing his throbbing cock to her, turning to turn the shower on as she slides her panties off and sits on the toilet. Relieving herself she stands up flushing the toilet, stepping into the shower making sure to check the temperature of the water before committing to it. Closing the curtain behind her she stands in the falling water, her face directly in the way, her eyes closed as the water runs over her face. Stepping forwards the water now soaks her hair as she undoes the ponytail and sets the band on the edge of the shower. Turning around and closing her eyes, she begins to shampoo her hair, tilting her head back as the soap begins to slowly fall down her back. She is reminded of his touch once again, his hands ghostly in her mind almost moving her own hands for her down her soapy wet body. Stopping at her breasts, her head tilted back, soft moans escaping her lips. The delicate fingers gently rub the ends of her hardening nipples. The water running down off her head, down her body, her hands more firmly grasp her breasts as she moans even louder. Her mouth opens slightly as he head tilts forwards, one hand slides down her belly the other on one breast, her breathing increases more, her heart races faster. The hand that slides down her belly finds her magic spot, slipping it between her thighs as she rubs her hand up and down using the soapy water to lube her hand. Teasing herself with the hand as it gently slides up and over her sensitive area. Her eyes light up as her hand goes back in, pressing down just above her clit she begins to rub slowly with two fingers. 



Using gentle force at first but soon her lust builds even more between her legs, she looks around to find a small bottle of facial cleanser, ideas pop into her head, the desire she has inside her, the pig that turned her on. The bottle is a temporary relief, using somthing meant to clean, now used for something dirty, removing her hands from her body, she grabs the bottle feeling it in her hands, - I wonder how big he really is - she looks down as she takes a deep breath, the hot water running down her back. Lifting one leg up she precariously sets it on the tiny ledge of the shower. Bending forwards and down slightly, positioning the bottle near her wet and waiting entrance. The bottle with cap end down, she feels the warm water flow down her body, over her arms then to the bottle. The flat bottom facing her wet and ready hole, the weight of the half-filled bottle as the feeling of the hard plastic feels more like a dirty secret, a hidden desire inside, filling her more, feeling the plastic spread her hole open more causing her mouth to open slight - oh god -. Her right hand spreads her lips apart using two of her fingers. Her left hand gently slides the bottle between her lips, the water from the shower and her own lust lubes the bottle, gently at first she presses it into her opening. Meeting resistance she spreads her lips more as she gently moves the bottle up and down as it slowly moves into her. Pressing past her opening she feels the pressure of it spreading her, she lets out a loud gasp followed by a moan as she pushed it more into her. The bottle only a few inches long she starts to do shallow thrusts starting slowly at first, her fingers releasing from her lips as they move to her clit. Each thrust of the bottle sends a wave of pleasure up her body to her head, then down her spine to the back of her legs and finally her feet as they begin to curl. Her body growing more hot as she begins to sweat under the water, her breathing increases more and more. Her heart races, the bottle slams in and out of her with quick shallow thrusts, her hands pressing firmly into her clit as she rubs just around the sensitive head. 



Her moans grow louder and louder, her body tenses firmly as the bottle shoots out of her hands like a rocket, her body quivers as she braces herself on the walls of the shower, her legs quake and shiver before her knees give out. She falls to her knees hard as the pleasure slowly fades, but each wave that softens the pleasure sends mini shocks to her pulsing pussy. She can feel her own heartbeat as it pulses with pleasure, her breathing begins to lessen to normal. Her legs feel like jello as she makes her way to her feet again. Her head lightheaded as she finished rinsing her hair. Reluctantly but with a smile across her face she quickly soaps and washes her armpits, breasts, ass and crotch before shutting the water off, opening the curtain the room is filled with steam as the mirror is covered in a haze. Shivering slightly from the cooling air now that hot water is off goosebumps form along her skin, grabbing her tower she starts with her hair as she dries it thoroughly before working her way less thoroughly on her body. Once she is satisfied, hanging the towel back up as she steps out of the shower. Leaving her panties on the floor in the bathroom she walks naked through her apartment to her bedroom. Entering in her tiny room with a twin bed and overflowing clothes closet that’s more dirty clothes than clean at this point.



Her eyes widen as her heart stops for a second, she forgot to close the curtain to her bedroom this morning before work. On the other side the other apartments window, inside is the neighbors old man who likes to peak on her and she has caught him jerking a few times clearly wanting her to see him, never meeting him in person just through the window as their eyes connect. Time seems to stop as the old man sees her and her him. Time flows again as she rushes to the window with panic across her face, her big breasts bounce up and down as the boys eyes are locked to them, but it is too late, she and the old man makes eye contact again, before she sees him smile even wider this time, standing up as she shuts the curtain but gets a short glimpse of what his hand was doing as he was standing up watching her she finally lets out her breath she didn’t know she was holding. Looking down as she lets go of the curtain and stepping back, she spots something in the corner of her room to her left of the window. It’s a small cardboard box, bending down to grab it she pushes off the stuff on top of the box. Dusting it off with her hand, it’s a plain brown box with a shipping label that’s faded, “What’s this?” she thinks before opening it her eyes widen as she gasps, “I forgot I had this!” her face gets red as she lays the box down on the twin bed, she pulls out a leather whip along with leather arm cuffs with the lock and key still at the bottom of the box, they are pristine with the price tags still attached to them. “I got them one year as a gag gift from Linda. Said I would enjoy this kind of stuff, but I am not sure. I mean…whips? Cuffs? Who likes to be tied up and spanked or whipped. I mean sure Linda might be the more adventurous one but not me.” setting the items back in the box she puts the cover back on before turning around to rummage through her closet for a pair of comfy old sweatpants and a hoodie.



Dressing herself, leaving the bedroom and into the kitchen she grabs a small package of microwave popcorn as she unwraps it, throwing it into the microwave and setting the timer for 2 minutes and 30 seconds. As the microwave starts, her head looks at the fridge, walking over and opening it she grabs another bottle of beer but this time she twists the cap off and just takes a sip. The smell of popcorn fills the tiny kitchen as the kernals pop around inside. As the microwave beeps she opens it up taking the bag and beer into the living room where she turns on the tv. Setting the beer down on the coffee table along with the bag of popcorn next to it she looks around for her phone, remembering it’s still in her purse she walks over to the front door pulling it out she sees a message. Opening her phone she see’s its from Brynn, 



“Hey Anya, sorry for the scare in the parking lot. Also, this whole one room thing is crap, but I promise I’ll be a good boy. See you at work tomorrow!”



Anya turns her screen off as she scoffs, “Good boy my ass, fucking pig is more like it.” - how dare he message me like this. After what happened. Ugh…why does he make me feel utter hatred but yet…. something more, primal inside. -



Phone in hand, making her way back to the couch as she lays on her side, using her arm as it leans on the armrest of the couch. Her head in her hand as she turns the tv on to some random YouTube video. She sips on the beer at the same time munching on the popcorn. Some point during the night she fell asleep with bottle in hand the other still inside the popcorn bag. She is awoken to some yelling and running in the halls outside her apartment. Dropping the bottle as it hits the ground, she quickly leans forwards to see it is empty. Her heart beats fast at first then slows down, checking her phone as it shows 11:32pm she makes her way up leaving the bag on the couch and the bottle on the floor. Stopping by the bathroom first to relieve herself and then to the bedroom as she sets her alarm and falls flat face first on top of the mattress, her eyes close as she drifts off to sleep again only to be woken by her alarm going off at 5am.



——————————————————————————————————————————————————————-



Rolling off the bed as she reaches for her phone knocking it to the floor, her body following suit landing with a thud on the ground. Her vision hazy as she slowly blinks her eyes open, the room pitch black as the loud alarm from her phone continues to persist. Feeling around on the ground Anya feels her phone before picking it up, the bright light from the screen blinds her as she fumbles to turn the alarm off. Tossing it behind her on the bed she makes her way to her feet, the night before and the beers even two of them gave her a slight hangover as the light from the bathroom feels like it burns her retinas as she flicks the light on, making an audible hiss from her clench teeth her eyes adjusting as she lowers her arm. Turning the sink on and splashing some water on her face she sits down on the toilet for a second with her sweatpants around her ankles. Sitting there for her morning routine she opens her phone to see the time says 5:07am, letting out a yawn as her eyes slowly wake up more. The vision less blurry than before, letting out a fart into the toilet she swipes in the air as she flushes the toilet, - damn beer makes me so gassy, its why I stopped drinking so much, well that and the hangovers. Your almost 40 Anya get your act together you're not a spring chicken Anya, not like in college with Linda, party every night, different guy brought to their dorm. The sounds of them making love - as she finishes her thought the image of the box pops into her mind and how Linda was always the more, kinky.



Checking her phone her eyes widen to see the time say 5:20am, her heart races, “Shit, I am going to be late for work.” wiping herself and then standing quickly, flushing the toilet again before rushing out and to her bedroom. Rummaging through her pile of clothes in the closet she pulls out a dark grey sweater that’s very soft in her hands, brining it closer to her face as her cheek gently caresses the soft material. Looking down she spots a long skirt that matches closely to the same color as the sweater. Checking her phone again seeing the time show 5:31am her heart races and in the hurry to get dressed, the sweater smaller than she remembers but she doesn’t have time to look for anything else it is form fitting but slightly bulky as it hides everything but her cleavage. The skirt hangs down to her ankles, finding an old pair of socks she takes a sniff but her time is limited. Walking out of the bedroom in a hurry she hops on one foot at a time getting each sock on, managing to get the first one on but using the couch as leverage she slides the second one on. Looking around by the door and grabbing her purse, phone and coat, slipping into some comfy sneakers. Taking one last look at her body trying to smooth the wrinkles in the skirt her throat closes as a deer in the headlights look across her face, looking down and pulling her skirt up she forgot to put panties on in the rush to get dressed, pulling her phone out as it shows 5:43am shit mutters, “Shit.” her heart races as her head looks at the door and then her bedroom door, “Fuck it.” she grabs her things and unlocks the door. 



Entering the hallway, it is thankfully quiet this time of the morning here, only a few other tenants wander around some clearly drunk from the night before. Others coming home from working late or just starting their day like Anya. Passing by a few of them, neither her nor them make eye contact as she rushes to her car. Getting inside as she starts the car her hand once again feels where her panties should be. “God I am so stupid.” saying as she gently takes her frustration out on the steering wheel but as she looks up to see some dude pissing in front of her, his body swaying side to side, his eyes barely open. She honks the car which surprises the man as he pisses all over herself, she smiles and chuckles softly before putting the car into reverse and heads to work, pulling into the lot she sees everyone else there already as Brad and Brynn stand outside the front door having a smoke. Anya and Brynn’s eyes meet as she slowly drives past them, Brynn lifts his hand as to acknowledge her, scoffing again she looks away from him before parking her car.



She watches in the side mirror them put the smokes out and see them clearly laughing about something before they enter the office. Anya shuts the car off looking into the rearview mirror and then lowering her visor and flipping the mirror open. She sees her reflection, her makeup smeared from the night before, her hair all disheveled. Trying her best to fix her hair she can’t manage to get the few strands to stay still, frustrated she slams her fist into the horn of the car spooking her as it goes off. Shaking her head and letting out a sigh, leaning over to open the glove box and rummages through it, the clock on her dash stating 5:59am. She can’t find a spare scrunchie, - where did that thing go, God why must this always happen to me - but her thoughts are interrupted as she hears a knock on her driver window. Jumping again she spins her head to see its Annie, with her red hair and young skin, she’s a new hire, fresh from college. Leaning back and lowering the window Anya begins to mask as she smiles at Annie, “Annie, right?” the girl nods.



“Yea today is my first day, I work in sales. You and Brynn also work in that department, right?” 



Anya nods as her hand reaches for the door handle, Annie steps back as she hears the door click open. Annie is this short 5 foot, skinny fresh out of college girl. The stark contrast to Anya who looks at her, then to her own body. Anya’s face masks her true feelings as she smiles at Annie, whose bright blue eyes full of innocence. “Yea Brynn and I work together in sales.” as she speaks the wind picks up causing the bare skin under her thin skirt to form goosebumps, Annie puts her hand to her mouth as she gasps. “Let’s go inside, it’s cold out this morning.” - little does Annie know how cold I truly am right now under this skirt. - Anya thinks to herself. Nodding to her as she brushes her hair back, Annie following behind making their way to the front door. Opening it for her then heading inside the air starting to warm up as the shivers start to go away. Brad and Brynn standing at the front desk talking with the secretary, she is an old woman who has been here since the business first opened. She wears the same thing basically every day, a sundress with comfy shoes. Her permed white hair with silver glasses with a small chain attached to one of the arms of them.



Anya walks up to Brad and Brynn, as Annie follows next to her. Each step causes her red hair to bounce up and down with life, making Anya repulsed by it as Brynn sets his cup down on the counter, pulling Annie closer to him and wrapping his arm around her shoulder. “Annie, right.” looking down at it points to her, “Names Brynn and this handsome guy next to me is Brad, he runs the sales department, and I see you met my other half.” 



Anya gives Brynn a look that would kill a lesser man before hiding it and putting on a fake smile, “Yes her and I met in the parking lot.”



Brad steps away from the counter as he walks past her with Brynn taking Annie into the office his words fading as they round the corner but his laugh…that laugh sends lighting through her body as she makes a fist with her hand. The old secretary smirks with her obvious grin as she knows the fate of Annie now, she is in Brynn’s web.



Hearing Brads door close with the voice of Brynn loud but muffled behind the door, she wants to listen in but shakes her head and smile at the woman behind the desk, “Morning Beth. That girl is with…him” she says just above a whisper clearly her focus is elsewhere, her eyes locked to the closed door with muffled voices followed by muffled laughing from the men inside. The woman behind the desk nods as Anya turns her head to see the hearing aid sitting on the desk. Anya points down at it as the old woman follows, then looking up and nodding with silent words mouth from her lips, “I know.”



Anya rubs her temples and continues into the office past Brads door and then Brynn’s. The final door at the end is right next to the bathroom and is the smallest office. Opening the door to the office she walks inside, the smell from the bathroom enters past the walls that separate the two rooms. Hearing every flush, every cough, even muffled talking. Taking her coat off, the room is both too hot and too cold depending on where in the room you are standing. More cold near the walls with the pipes for the bathroom which just so happen to be where she sits, - I am glad I put this sweater on today, seems to have shrunk or have I gained weight - tossing her coat into the corner of the room she looks down lifts up her sweater as she grabs hold of some of the belly fat, “Did I expect different? I mean I am no Annie.” releasing her belly and letting her sweater fall again she sees a note on her desk she didn’t see before when she walked in. 



Walking around her desk as she sits in the cold metal chair, she is reminded again at her hurry this morning as the cold metal seeps through the thin fabric of the skirt and directly to her bare bottom. Ignoring the sensation, she focuses on the note on her desk, her hand reaching for it picking it up. She reads it as it says short sentence, “Hotel, can’t wait :).” her hand trembles as she quickly recovers, crumpling the note in her hand and throwing it in the trash can, “The arrogance of that pig. What else did you fuck with bastard. A hot new thing walks in the office and what was last night. Huh? Then…” she looks at the empty trash can except for the crumpled note at the bottom, “What was last night.” a single tear falls down her face as the feeling of jealously and rage but also hurt fills her heart. Slamming her fist on the desk her door opens at the same time, it’s Brynn and Annie.



Brynn smiles and looks at Anya, “Come at a bad time dear?”



Anya looks up to see them, she quickly tries to push her thought down keeping it from escaping her mouth, - Dear? You have some fucking nerve you damn arrogant bull-headed, self-serving prick - but instead she holds her tongue and smiles, “How may I help you, Brynn?” with an almost passive aggressive tone that Brynn notices as his head tilts back slight, Annie innocent and unaware speaks up,



“Brynn was just showing me around Anya, no need to get mad at time.” Anya’s eyes instantly lock to Annie as she slowly stands up puckering her lips before smiling, “You are right I apologize for your intrusion into MY office.” just then a toilet flushes a smell of feces begins to seep through the concrete walls and into the office. Brynn and Annie both start to sniff the air as they look at Anya, she points at the wall where the smell is coming from but they both give a look of disappointment, “Well, I will let you get back to…” Brynn looks around Anya’s office, “Whatever you were doing.” 



Annie covers her mouth trying to hide her tiny giggle as Brynn smiles and leaves with Annie shutting the door. Anya stands their mouth agape. Picking up her pen holder she throws it at the door as it bounces off it and to the floor with Anya sitting with a hard thud into her metal chair crossing her arms and putting a leg over the other as she shakes it, her eyes never leaving the door. “Self-righteous cunt. I hope he fucks you. I hope he does, I hope you get everything you want then tossed aside like yesterday’s news, you're just the new toy for him.”



But even as her leg shakes more with her anger growing a part of her scoffs as she turns her head closing her eyes, - Why am I so angry, why do I care who his lay of the day is. - she chuckles at the line lay of the day. “Catchy, I should remember that next time I see him.” Her leg uncrossing as she turns her computer tower on. The screen flashes in her face a few times, giving a sigh she slaps the side of the monitor till the screen unfucks itself - stupid cheap ass company, getting stuck with the shit no one wants. I put in several requests for an upgrade, but do they listen to me? No. - sighing again the rest of her morning is spent preparing for the noon meeting, doing her best to dive into her work to ignore Annie and Brynn. Slipping on her headphones that she keeps in her drawer at work, she puts on some heavy metal and turns the volume to max.



————————————————————————————————————————————————————-



*Brynn shut Anya's office door, the click echoing in the sudden quiet. He turned to Annie, her five-foot frame barely reaching his shoulder. Cute. Smaller than Anya, but perky enough. His gaze flicked down her blouse before she looked up, a sweet strawberry scent hitting his nose. Annie points to a next door over, tilting her head. “Who’s office is that?”



Brynn smiles as he leans down, the scent stronger, - like Darla’s chap-stick back in tenth grade - he points as well. “Well Annie,” he says with a big shit eating grin, “The COOLEST place in this little here old kingdom of ours. Yours truly.” Leaning back up she turns her deep blue eyes as her hands fold together, her knees bending slightly. Brynn smiling as his eyes slowly look down, catching a small glimpse of a pink fabric under her thin blue blouse as it slowly sags. “Can we go see it!” 



Brynn turns to face her as he rests his hands on her shoulders, she jumps slightly with his touch as he slowly grips a little to hard as he smiles at her. “Well lets continue shall we?”



Annie nods to him, spinning her around as he pushes on her shoulder from behind to get her walking. Pointing to the end of the hall before turning the corner to the left, “These are the bathroom’s next to Anya’s office.” As he says her name his cock twitches in his pants, - oh god thankfully she is turned the other way, but…would it be so bad if she….saw it. Maybe later in the office for the…detailed tour hehehe -.



Pushing her past the bathroom’s and more into the office the building is smaller having only around a dozen office’s, in the center are cubicles that are mostly empty of people, the ones that have people filling them are silent as little lights are scattered about lighting each one up gently in contrast to the companies effort to save money by reducing the lights in the main center of the building. Annie stops as she asks about it, “Why is so dark here, I mean these poor people working like this.”



Brynn standing behind her, his arms falling off her shoulders and they gently and accidentally brushes past her back feeling her bra strap under her blouse, her eyes to the cubicles, his to her back and finally to her ass. She spins around as he tilts his eyes quickly up at her, “Shouldn’t someone do something? I mean I wouldn’t be able to work like that…”



Brynn responds, “Well, that’s why I have my own office. Plus more…privacy if you know what I mean.” Annie responds with a gently but playful punch to his gut, “That’s dirty and not professional at all.” - I mean he is cute and all but is it right? I mean I saw how Anya and him interacted in her office and at the entrance. I don’t want to be a third wheel. - her body leans slightly to see Anya’s door and then back to him as he spins to look at her door as well. Turning back around he pushes Annie forward’s more, his hands pressed into her smaller breasts, Annie’s face turns bright red as she raises her arms to push him off her. Brynn steps back and puts his hands up, “Oh god, I am so sorry. I didn’t mean to…but I will say. Impressive.”



Annie uncrosses her arms slightly as she looks down at her breasts, “You really think so? I always thought they were to small. I was always so jealous of the other girls who were more…developed. I just kinda…stopped you know?” she looks up at him her cleave visible to him, his pants start to feel tighter as the breath in his throat gets stuck, stammering and stuttering as he tries to but can’t get a word out as she just giggles to him. “So, shall we continue with this wonderful tour handsome.” she winks at him, his face red in the dim light. Turning her back to him she folds her arms in front of her and with an almost pep to get steps she playfully gives him a view of her ass before turning around, “Eyes up here mister handsome.” her eyes dart down to see the small tent that formed from the interaction, she giggles again. Brynn is about to say something when he hears his name being called, “BRYNN!” turning towards the direction of the voice he sees it’s Brad. “Hey Brad!”



Brad approaches through the dim cubicles waving to Brynn and smiling at Annie, “So, hows the tour going, hopefully he is keeping his hands to himself.” he leans closer to her so only she can hear, “They used to call him the Claw.” his eyes look down at Brynn’s hands as Annie’s follow as well. Then Brad lifts his hand up as he makes a claw motion and then grabs her shoulder and laughs, her face bright red as Brynn stands there laughing as well. 



“The ole’ Claw thing eh Brad, it’s been years since you said that.” Brynn responds jokingly. - Took me years to make them forget that stupid name for me. Make one mistake, sleep with one person and your mister claw hands. Douche-bag, shes mine. Fuck off. - 



Brad leans away from Annie lowering his hand, “Well I’ll see you two love birds later, remember 12 o’clock for the meeting.” making finger guns he shoots Brynn before turning to walk past Annie, the smell of her floral perfume filling the air as he walks past her as she faces Brynn, Brad turning pointing her as he brings his fingers to his lips and using his tongue to recreate the act of oral on her. Brynn waves him away as Annie turns almost catching Brad. He smiles at her as he fast walks away and into his office closing the door. Brynn lets out a deep sigh before looking at Annie, “So, that’s Brad. Remember earlier in his office? He is the lead for the Sale department, hes an alright guy. Just don’t spend to much time alone with him.”



Annie’s face turns pure white as she slow turns to look at the door, sounds of classic rock music is muffled coming from the room, sounds of his terrible signing overpower the music. She takes a gulp and then jumps almost out of her shoes when Brynn steps behind her pressing his arms into her shoulders, “You ok? You look like you seen a ghost.” 



Looking up at him she shakes her head, “Where can I get something to drink?” - I really don’t need anything to drink, I just want to distance myself from Brad. He’s way to creepy old man vibes, unlike Brynn whose sweet and kind. -



Lifting one hand from her shoulder he points down the hall past Brad’s office, the the two big open doors. Lowering his head down he takes a sniff of her hair, - mmm smells like strawberries, nice contrast to the perfume. You definitely know how to turn a guy on don’t you little Annie. Sweet…innocent…- but his thoughts are interrupted when Annie moves forwards causing Brynn to lose his balance for a second. Catching up to her, making their way into the small break room, in the center a round table with four chairs tucked neatly under it, clearly not used in awhile as there is a small layer of dust covering the seats. The table filled with random things like paperwork, old food, empty cans and bottles. Feeling Brynn press into her back she feels a slight bump pressing into her around the middle of her back. She smiles reaching up slowly behind her feeling the stiffing member of Brynn, he pretends to ignore it but his mouth lets out a small moan. Lowering her hand she has a hidden smile across her face, she interrupts the mood with an observation walking away from Brynn her arms crossed behind her as she walks around like a kid in a candy store, 



“I take it nobody comes in here much do they?” she casually plays with random empty cans, picking some up, feigning interest in them. Brynn stands in the door way as he takes a big gulp again, Annie on the other side of the table leans down, her blouse falling just enough for his eyes to see the pink bra under her blue blouse. She looks around clearly provoking him, - i mean…I could take him right here on this table. Clearly this break room never gets used, its more of a dump then a place to eat food. But still…he’s cute enough. The college boys wish they had his looks, besides I could do worse then him, to late already have. - she chuckles at the last part as Brynn asks, “What?” 



Annie shakes her head, “Nothing handsome, so this is the break room huh. Looks more like a dump.”



Brynn grins as he lets out a soft chuckle as he looks around but his eyes keep going back to her cleavage, “Yea, not many people eat in here anymore. Had to had some lay offs last year and we usually go out for lunch now. Speaking of which!” Brynn says with enthusiasm, “We are having Italian today for lunch, we are ordering in what do you like?”



-You…idiot- is what she wants to say but instead she leans back up as the mood is now gone, “I’ll just take a salad with extra ranch. I love the white creamy stuff.” her lips part as she gently peaks her tongue out to lick her lips as she winks at Brynn.



Brynn clearly missed the innuendo as his face turns to disappointment, “Aw come on, salad? Really? I mean that can’t fill you up can it?”



Annie chuckles, -it’s just the appetizer before the…. - her eyes slowly work up his body start at his feet until she reaches his crotch, - main course, and maybe…if your lucky…seconds… - then her eyes continue to his chest, - eh slight pounds but for his looks I say around 28..maybe 30. So, dad bod is acceptable.- making their way over to his arms and up to his face, - toned, not ripped. Definitely not a gym rat, maybe gym bro?- her head tilting as her eyes meet his, - no, hes a douche but not to that level. His mind is to primitive, all I had to do was lean over and his eyes locked to my breasts. Men like him…push overs…but…I need this job for now till I finish my degree. He could be a good distraction from the other immature bros I have to sleep with.-



Annie smiles at Brynn who is ranting about the salad still, never hearing a word he said she walks over to him. “Well, since you know what can fill me up right, why don’t you pick for me then stud?”



Brynn’s face brightens, “Oh man you will love their Alfredo! The sauce is so sweet and dirt cheap. Perfect meal I say!” pointing to himself as he chuckles again, Annie just feigns a smile as she shakes her head. “Sounds lovely. So? Is there more to this kingdom or have I seen…” she steps closer as she gently presses her head into his chest, her hand gently grazes up one of his arms while the other hand reaches under his shirt feeling his little hairs across his belly. 



Brynn clearing his throat as he steps back from her, his face red, the tent clearly visible to her as she gets a small peak at the wet spot that has darkened the lighter color blue jeans he is wearing today, the scent of his pre-cum fills her nose as she winks at him. Turning around on his heels his face turns white as ghost, the sound of footsteps approaching, his jaw drops, -oh shit, bad timing Anya - “Uhhhh…” as Anya walks past, her eyes look down to see the tent in his pants as well as the wet spot. Annie leans from behind Brynn as she smiles at her and waves, “Oh hey Anya, Brynn and I were just about to continue with the tour you want to join us? He is such a good teacher and is so kind, understanding….”



Anya stops putting her hand up, scoffs crossing her arms, her eyes directly looking at Brynn’s face as he slowly closes his mouth, his eyes wide open, “Looks like the two of you are doing just fine, clearly one of you is excited about something. Let me guess, Alfredo. Word of advice, Annie.” Anya’s eyes dart down and over to Annie who pops out from behind Brynn fully, she peaks down to see the tent is now gone, a small pout with her lips plays across it - damn it, I was so close - before looking back at Anya, “Oh what’s that?” Annie’s steps closer to Brynn wrapping her arms around his. - he’s mine you old hag -



Anya’s face gets even more red as she scoffs and stomps her foot, turning on it she walks off her shoes audible with each step as she walks back to her office. Her arms to her sides with fists as the shake, she mutters something loudly but they can’t make it out, the muttering fades before ending as they both duck slightly from Anya’s door slamming hard shut, the office grows quiet, a couple heads peak above the cubicles before lowering back down and the background office noise returns. Brynn’s face slowly returning to normal as his throat feels closed, sweat drips from his forehead and he leans back up wiping it off with his hand. Annie with her red hair and wide innocent smile, those wonderful deep blue eyes looking up at him. - Damn she is cute though -



“So, not much left to see. We have the CEO’s office, Mr. Saxon. He will be here for the meeting.” Brynn’s heart races as he reaches into his pocket pulling out his phone, - shit it’s 10:32am the meeting starts soon, fuck I didn’t prepare. Fuck.-



Turning to face her as he steps back, bowing slightly to her, “Well I am afraid the tour must be cut short little Annie, I haven’t done shit to prepare for this meeting.” 



Annie stepping back, her arms crossing behind her back, her eyebrow raises, “Whats the meeting about?”



“Well Anya and I have this sales event to go to this weekend, its for one of few remaining big clients. If we don’t secure the renewal of the contract we may have to think about a new job.” Brynn explains to Annie, when she hears the mention of Anya her ears perk up.



“You and Anya huh? At-least you will have separate rooms.” smiling as she leans forward to give him a look down her blouse. Brynn closes his eyes as he rubs the back of his head, he lets out a nervous laugh, “Well see, due to the lack of contracts the company could only get us one room with one bed. We have to share it, Anya was pretty pissed yesterday, she even came into my office after work…” -oh shit that’s right, I forgot about that. I mean wow, those breasts. I mean they were nice, but Annie’s…smaller, more perky. Both have their pros and cons. -  his thoughts are interrupted as Annie giggles pointing at his crotch, “Who’s that for. Me?” Annie walks closer to Brynn, her hands slowly run down her sides, her hips slowly sway back and forth, but then stopping her head looking straight down the hall at Anya’s door. “Her?”


**Eve**
A low hum flows through the ship as the systems slowly start turning back on as they exit low power mode. The lights in the room slowly turn up as the clock on the monitor above their head flips to 8:00am. Gently music starts to play as the metal protective shield on the windows along the craft open letting in nothing but the void around the ship. The ships voice plays through the speakers,



“Good morning Eve Jones. It is currently 8:00am Standard Earth Rotation it has been 264 days since departure from UNP Research Base 1302. The temperature on Earth is ERROR. You have ERROR messages. ERROR days till arrival.”



The woman in the bed slowly opens her eyes as the sound of her ship’s computer starts the daily program. She tilts her head to the side as she stares at the photograph of her with her partner back on earth. She brings two fingers to her lips as she then presses it to the photo.



“Good morning my love, I miss you so much.”



As the woman reluctantly pulls the warm blanket off her the cool air of the ship hits her body. She sits at the edge of the bed as she stretches her muscles after the night of rest. Sliding down off the bed she slips into some slippers before making her way out of her room and into the small bathroom. Turning to the light in the bathroom it blinds her as she puts her arm up to shield her eyes.



“Sam will you turn the lights down 30% in the bathroom please you are blinding me.”



As the lights dim the ship speaks up, “Sorry Dr. Eve the plasma storm we encountered a week ago has damaged more systems than my diagnostic could detect. I suggest you take me offline until a repair team can repair the damage.”



Eve lowers her arm as she chuckles slighty to herself as she looks into the mirror wiping the sleep from her eyes before turning the shower on. Soon the water begins to slightly fog up the bathroom as she slips her standard issue military underwear off. Tossing them into an already made pile that looks to have been building up for weeks now. Testing the water with her hand before entering the shower making sure its right temperature. 



Stepping inside she begins to wash her body as she makes conversation with her ship’s computer, “Sam I don’t think that will be possible. There is no repair team only me and you buddy. Ill take a look after breakfast okay?”



She takes a quick shower to try and conserve anything she has left. Her eyes closed as she stands under the shower head letting the warm water run down her body before turning the shower off. Stepping out of the shower and grabbing the nearest towel as she hastely drys her body off before walking back into her bedroom and putting on her last fresh pair of underwear. Then grabbing and slipping on her casual work pants and t-shirt. Then walking back out of the room and down the hall as the ship speaks over the intercom.



“Todays breakfast is meal number ERROR with ERROR sides. Your meal is prepared Eve.”



She walks into the tiny kitchen with a table and one chair. On her right the wall of food prepacked meals ready to eat. She hasn’t not had real food for months due to an unknown diesese that killed off her plants in the food greenhouse. Thankfully the air greenhouse plants were not affected by it as she was able to purge that section and is now the vaccum of space. She stands before the wall of prepared meals as she chooses one at random. Looking at the package it says, Meal 32 Breakfast Option B Oatmeal with Sythmilk.



“Yummy…my favorite.” She says as even the sound of the meal is off putting. “They could atleast put some pazazz on the name or something. Meal 32 Breakast Option B Oatmeal with Sythmilk, you sure you want to name it that. Of course, it’s perfect!” she mocking saying that last part in attempt to bring some humor into this situation. She slides the package into the device on the wall as she sets the timer. 4:59 shows up and starts ticking down. Grabbing a mug from the hooks on the wall and opening a small package of instant coffee she pours the grains into the mug before filling it with water from the spout.





“Great…room temp coffee too. Can this day get any better.” she wants to let out a sigh, but it would be a waste of her breath. Mixing the room temperature water in the mug the grains only partially disperse into the liquid as she just downs the whole thing. Small chunks of the coffee grains cling to inside the mug as she sets it down on the counter. “Yuck. Looks like coffee is off the table until I can fix the hot water in here. Unfortunately, I can’t use the shower supply as it’s a different system.”



The timer on the meal goes off as she jumps and grabs her heart. “Good lord.” she says jumping back a few feet. Retrieveing her ‘breakfast’ and opening it. The smell of the sythmilk hits her nose as she moves it away from her and sets it on the table.



“Yea…I think just coffee for today will work.” She skips breakfast as she gets up after throwing the meal into the bin it making a audible thud as it hits the bottom of the bin. 



Leaving the kitchen as she makes her way through the ship down the central hall that the ships modules or room are attached too. At the rear of the ship is her bedroom and kitchen modules. As you make your way through the hall towards the bow on your left are the greenhouses in the middle of the ship. To the right is the cargo and storage module. At the bow is the bridge module along with basic workout equipment and basic entertainment needs all integrated into the bridge module. Thankfully the United Nation of Planets or UNP designed their ships to be like building blocks. 



Passing by the first greenhouse door, above it saying Crop Greenhouse. As she pears into the window the room is black as she cant even see a few inches into the room. She puts her hand on the door as she feels how cold it is to the touch, the moisture on her skin freezes slightly as she pulls her hand back and shakes it.



“Ouch that’s cold.”



Moving to the next door above it saying Air Greenhouse. Punching in the door code it unlocks and opens she steps inside. As she inspects the plants she begins her daily voice log. 



“Sam please start my daily log.” She says with her focus more on the plants. She hears a beep and then the ship’s voice. “Daily Log 264 Started, please continue.”



Her hands gently glide along the plants stems and leaves as she starts the watering process, as she observes the monitor she beings her log. “Daily Log 264, I have been traveling through space on a mission to investigate the Excelsior, a ship with an experimental engine design.” she taps some buttons on the screen as she goes through the routine checks. “The Crop Greenhouse is still is inaccessible as it is under quarantine due to an unknown disease that infected the plants. I sealed the module off from the rest of the ship to prevent the spread. Due to the greenhouses being linked together I could not eject the module, why the engineers thought it was a good idea is above my pay grade. The plants in the Air Greenhouse seem to be thriving and doing well. Oddly they have been requiring less water and their growth has increased. According to the data each plant requires one ounce less of water a day but their growth has increased by .02%. I will continue to monitor their growth. Pause log.”



Returning the watering system to auto she backs away before leaving the greenhouse. Turning left to head towards the bridge she continues her logs.



“Resume Log, two weeks ago we were hit by a plasma storm which knocked out a few of the systems. They were noncritical thankfully as the shielding over the primary systems seemed to have taken most of the blunt force. Lets just say I will not be going through another one anytime soon.” arriving at the door to the bridge she opens the door using her code on the door. She steps inside before sighing, she continues.



“Repairs have been slow. My mechanical abilities are limited compared to the UNP’s repair teams. While I am making progress they are slow, for today I have on the list….” standing in front of her chair she swings the monitor connected to the arm around to face her. Tapping a few buttons on the screen she brings up a list of damaged systems. She begins to read them off, “Crop Greenhouse, Secondary Assistant Module’s memory cores 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17…..” she scrolls down past the thousands of damaged memory cores before stopping at the next issue. “Non critical secondary systems offline, external communications array damaged, external solar array damaged, external….” it keeps going and going about all the external damage. She has no way to repair any of the external issues, thankfully the backup photonic generator stored enough solar energy to last me for at least a few years if she rations the power out. 



“Today I will work on the hot water dispenser in the kitchen, I would rather jump out the airlock into the vacuum of space before I go a day without coffee.” Sam interjects, “Dr. Jones, would it not be more efficient to repair my memory cores. I have lost over ERROR percent of my memory cores if I lose another 5 percent I will not beable to be repaired Dr. Jones.”



She looks up and sighs as if the ship it’s self was a person. “Look Sam, you dont understand. You don’t know what I would be like without my coffee. This is a critical Eve system Sam. Eve wants her coffee.” she pauses a moment as Sam waits to respond. Sensing the slight anger in her voice. “As you wish Dr. Jones.” his voice while it never tone she swear she heard alittle bit of nervousness behind it.



Looking down at the monitor she checks the time, the display says 8:35am before she moves it back and walks over to the exercise cycle bolted to the floor of the bridge. Taking her shirt and pants off throwing them over the back of her captains chair she stands there in just her underwear. She begins by doing some basic stretches as she bends over and tries to touch her toes then streching her arms side to side. As she begins to squat down to stretch her thigh and legs she looks up at the ceiling.



“Sam could you play Eve workout playlist 03 please.” the computer makes a few beeps before the playlist begins to play some motivation workout music with a fast beat. “Yea, thats it.” The next hour or so she goes through her daily exercise to both pass the time and to keep herself in fit condition as the ship just floats through the void of space. In the middle of the workout Sam announces over the intercom, “Dr. Eve the sensors are picking up an unindenified object three light years ahead in sector 204.3. Based on inital scans the object matches the same pattern as the Excelsior’s engine’s. Based on our current speed we will reach sector 204.3 in 10 years.”



The music stops as Sam issues his message, Eve still on the cycle beads of sweat drip down her body. Leaning up as she catches her breath and feeling her pulse with her fingers to her neck before taking a deep breath and releasing it. “Continue scans Sam, change course. Can we shave any of that time off? I do not wish to get back to earth being an old woman.”



See watches as the lights on the panel that fills most of the walls of the room. Sam’s lights flickering as he computes her request. “If you were to divert power from the secondary water system we can shave as you say one year off.” He responds as she shakes her head.



“No can do Sam. That controls the hot water for my shower and coffee. We just had this conversation about my coffee.” her tone with slight anger as her eyebrow twitches. “I will have to think of something, give me time. We got 10 years right?” her voice waivers.



With that she climbs off the cycle, grabbing her clothes from the back of the chair. Slipping just the pants on she makes her way out of the bridge, through the halls. Her bunny slippers jingle and squeak as she walks down the hall, her partner gave her the slippers as a reminder from home before she took off on this mission. A little piece of home.



Opening the storage door and walking inside she looks through the organized shelves all properly labeled. “Exchanger…..exchanger where art thou?” she whispers to herself as she scans the labels. “Ah, there we go.” Finding the label marked ‘Exchanger’ pulling the last one off the shelf she holds it in her hands for a moment, her eyes widen and her mouth smiles wide as she dances in place for a moment. “Coffee here I am!” as she holds it up into the air.



Grabbing a small tool pouch and attaching it to her pant belt loop she gathers some basic tools placing them into the pouch to replace the broken exchanger in the hot water dispenser in the kitchen. Whistling as she walks out of the storage room and back into the kitchen her eyes spot the panel below the dispenser as a smirk plays at the corner of her lips. Kneeling before the panel as she continues to whistle a jolly tune she uses a socket wrench to undo the bolts on the panel. Taking the final and forth off she tries to grab it but it falls to the ground as it slips from her fingers and clinks on the metal floor. She reaches down for it but the ship suddenly jolts side to side as it begins to shake more and more. It knocks her down onto her ass as the new part flies out of her hand and rolls across the floor hitting the wall hard. Alarms start going off as Sam calls over the intercom.



“Dr. Jone we have entered some kind of gravity field. Our low powered state is not sufficient enough to escape the pull of the field. If we increase power to the engines by 30 percent it will be enough to escape the field but it will lower our power supply significantly. But if we do not leave the field soon the ship will be ripped apart due to the already compromised external damage. What would you like to do Dr. Jone’s?”



Her hand reaches up to grab the table and the other to the chair as she stands up her vision blurry slightly as her head is pounding. “Yea yea..do what you have to Sam.” Her vision slowly coming back into focus as she feels a wet spot on the back of her head. Her hand reaches up to feel the back of her head, she looks at her hand to see a red liquid. “Fuck, Sam what happened.”



Using the wall as support as each beat of her heart causes her head to pulse with pain she makes her way back to the storage room as she takes a first aid kit from the shelf. Opening it up she grabs some of the gauze as she dabs the back of her head to soak some of the blood up. When she looks at the gauze she sees it’s not alot of blood it seems to be a very superficial wound. “I’ll live, just now I have a headache and still no coffee.”



She feels the ship power up as the engines struggle to escape the gravity field, she braces against the ship as she gets tossed around some. “Raising power by 40 percent.” Sam says over the intercom.



“50 percent…..60 percent….” she feels the ship start to break free. “70 percent.” finally the ship breaks free as they escape the field. 



“ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!” is blared across the speakers as it isn’t doing anything for her headache.



She stumbles out of the storage room as Sam just keeps shouting error over and over again. She rushes down the hall to the bridge as she feels the ship not slowing down. Quickly putting her code in but in the state of panic she misses a few numbers and takes her a couple tries before the door finally opens. She forces the door to open faster to get to her chair to try and stop the ship. The door jams but she manages to squeeze through it as her eyes look forward at the main windows as her jaw drops. She sees the ship is at full engine power and rising more and more. She tries to call for Sam but he is still just repeating error over and over again. Hopping over the railing as she lands in her chair, pulling the monitor closer to her she checks the status of the engines. 



Her mouth gasps as she sees they are at 300 percent and increasing. Her speed has exceeded what the computer can read as it just displays weird symbols that randomly flash. Trying several attempts to stop the engine has failed as now her power supply as dropped by more then 80 percent and at this rate her quick calculations show she has about 10 minutes of power left before shes completely out. She bangs on the panel as the engines wont shut down. “Fuck, fuck fuck fuck.”



Her mind races, Sam repeating error over and over again, she takes in a deep breath as time seems to slow around her. Her mind drifts to thoughts of her partner on earth. How she misses the warm embrace of them, their loving smile as she sees her. A single tear falls down her cheek as she sniffles. “No. I can’t die. I need to make it home. I need to finish this mission. Come on Eve think..think…”



Her mind snaps back to the moment as her mind races with ideas and thoughts, each one failing in her mind. She stands up as she leaps over her chair and climbs up the railing. Finding and tracing the route of some wires she pulls one out as sparks fly, Sam’s voice stops. “Finally I can think.”



Looking at panel next to her she changes it to see the power status. “Well, looks like I wont get coffee.” She sees the status display 17 perfect remaining. She has to stop the engines they will drain all the power, she looks around spotting the manual she has been looking through recently about the engines. She practically leaps over to it almost knocking it to the ground, flipping the pages open she scans the words. “Come on come on. Where are you………ah ha! Found you, emergency engine seperation…..” she reads the procedure as she holds it she types in her access codes to intiate emergency engine seperate. A big red button appears on the screen as it flashes, Initiate. She mashes her thumb into the screen as the button vanishes replaced with a three second timer. As it hits zero she feels the ship rattle so hard so go flying through the air. The engines emergency explosive charges blow the eight locks holding them to the ship as they seperate the ship comes out of its slip stream and to normal space. The engines continue their journey through the slipstream.



Picking herself up off the floor the entire bridge is a mess everything not bolted down went flying fowards as the ship went from slipstream to normal space without slowing down first. Making her way through the mess as she kicks it out of her way and to her chair, plopping down in it she closes her eyes and lets out a sigh. “Is it possible to have two headaches at once…” she jokingly blurts out. She expects a response from Sam but she gets none. “Oh…right. Sam.”



As she swings her monitor around to face her it is partially crack but still functional. Opening up the Secondary Assistant Module program on the screen checking the status of Sam. “Sorry bud, I had to cut your vocal cords.”



The screen opens a text box as Sam types, “Dr. Jones. I apologize for the miscalculations about the gravity field. I think my compute processors are damaged as well. Shall I add that to the list?”



She just smirks and laughs but clutches her ribs. “Sam don’t make me laugh please I am in enough pain.” 



He types a response for her, “Dr. Jones I apologize I did not mean to cause you pain. I am sorry that you will not get your coffee due to the power loss now. The readings indicate we have 14 percent left. The good news is we are only one lightyear away from the unidentified object we scanned earlier. The bad news, you do not have enough power at our current rate of drain to make it.”



“So how much time do we have?” she winces as her rips pulse with pain.



“At the current rate you will run out in approximately three weeks. But due to have no engines we have only maneuvering thrusters but even at full burst till empty you will not make it.” Eve reads the message over and over before she sighs again, rubbing her forehead and looking at the time it displays weird symbols.



She leans closer to the monitor, “Sam, what time is it?”



As he begins to type the numbers shift into odd symbols that look like they are moving slightly. “Sam, I said what time is it?” but again, all he types are weird symbols. Swinging the monitor out of her way as she slowly stands up, her rips hurt like hell with each step. She looks down finally as all the adrenaline wears off in her body. She sees a dark red patch over her left ribs at the bottom as she touches it she winces in pain as it is very soft and squishy. 



Looking around at the state of the bridge she wonders how the rest of the ship looks, “Sam…wait right…never mind.” Shuffling through the mess making her way to the panels for Sam along the wall. She runs a diagnostic on Sam as she walks away and to the jammed partially open door to leave the bridge. Moving fallen debris out of way her ribs keep reminding her that shes hurt. “I know, fuck. I’ll fix you too.” she says gently patting her ribs. She assess the damage in the hall as it seems usable as not much damage was done other then some of the less tighten down lights and fixtures are strewn about causing the hall to be somewhat dark in spots. Looking down she sees broken glass on the floor but she has no idea where she lost her slippers. 



She careful steps around the glass as she looks before she steps taking her time using the wall to help support and brace herself. The first room is the Air Greenhouse as she enters her code into the door panel and it opens. The place is a mess as the dirt is everywhere covering every surface in the room. Carefully walking around the plants on the ground she checks the water system. “Come on…”



Running the diagnostic, it shows all clear no critical damage done to the systems. She sighs with relief as she leans over to slowly pick up the plants, both because bending down hurts every fiber inside her as it feels like lighting is shooting through her veins. But also to make sure not to harm the plants. She gathers whatever dirt she can and plants some of them in the dirt. She continues planting as many as she can but some of them are to badly damaged. She takes a count of the plants, “One…two….three…four….five…six….seven…eight….nine…ten…eleven…eleven. Eleven that’s cutting it to close. It’s the minimum needed to still breath any less then that and Co2 will start building up.” she goes back to the panel as she resets the cycle, it begins to spray fertilizer water over the plants. 



Satisfied for now that she can still breath she musters ahead as she hears Sam over the intercom. “Dr. Jones. Diagnostic complete, recommend full system shutdown till repair teams can be contacted.”



She stares at the ship as she taps it gently with her fist as she puckers her lips as walks out of the Greenhouse, “I’ll make that a priority bud.”



A moment of silence goes by before Sam responds, “Dr. Jones. While I do appreciate your attempt at humor. Due to the current circumstances, I feel it would be best to shut my system down. Based on my calculations, flawed as they may be. I do not need to compute that if you take me offline and convert my power source into compatible energy for the Photonic system.”



She walks along the wall using it as support, her legs feel like they are about to fall off. “You think, I am going to be stranded out here alone. No Sam, I won’t die alone.” making it to the storage room the first aid kit that was there is mangled up. Managing to salvage enough supplies from it she grabs one of the syrings and a glass bottle from the kit. Filling the syringe with around 5cc’s she injects it right into the wound in her ribs as she clenches down and grips anything nearby as it feels like her chest is on fire and about to explode as she falls to her knees. As the pain subsides she looks down to see the dark spot slowly turn more light colored as she tosses the syringe to the side as the bottle rolls across the floor and clinks against some debris.



She sits there on the ground on her knees, “Dr. Jones. I am a machine, I will not feel pain. My programming will not allow me to let you die.” Sam says in his usual neutral tone.



“Wait, when do they program you guys with that?” she says her eyes closed as the pain slowly subsides more in her ribs, beads of sweat drip down her as it pool on the ground.



“It was added it by a special request from someone.” Sam responds back to her. “According to the logs it was added in the day you left Earth. The only information I have is there is a comment in the code, it says only word. Bunny.”



Eve’s eyes begin to shed tears as she pounds the ground gently with her fist. “God I love her. Thank you Lisa, you always were my guardian even back in college when we first met. I got into a fight with another girl in my class and you came from no where and protected me. I had no idea who you were and later that night I took you out on a date. We held hands as we walked the beach, you professed your love to me. You have been in love with me since kindergarten. I didn’t know you then either, but fate brought us together. Your family and mine were military. We moved to the same schools and I didn’t know. You told me everything that night, how you truly felt. When I asked why you waited so long to tell me all you could do was smile and lean in as you put your lips to mine it was like fireworks in my body. I embraced you back and when we broke the kiss you booped me on the nose. You said, I will always be there to protect my Bunny.”



Eve’s eyes full on tear up as she begins to sob, her arms and legs are beyond the meaning of pain. Her head feels like its about to explode in a million pieces. Gathering her strength she reaching up to grab a shelf to help her stand up. Her legs wobble as she makes her way back to the bridge. Careful to not step on the broken glass scattered on the along the ground. Slipping past the jammed doorway again and back onto the bridge, her eyes look around. As she rummages through the debris Sam speaks up over the intercom. 



“Dr. Jones. May I inquire as to what you are looking for?”



She rummages around moving some debris around as she picks up a tablet. Wiping off the screen it has a small crack in the case but the screen is fine. “Well Sam. I do like the idea of using your power but I also don’t want to lose you.”



He responds after taking a moment. “Thank you.”



She taps on the screen as she enters all the codes and commands. “Yea well don’t thank me just yet. The tablet doesn’t have the power or compute power for your entire program so I am isolating your social algorithm’s and creating a new program. I did design you after all.”



Sam responds back his tone while neutral she picks up the nuances, “Dr. Jones while the approach is a novel idea and the method would work, those algorithm’s require my main process to compute a response.”



As she finishes tapping on the screen she grins to herself, “While that is true of your main program I don’t need all the additional overhead. By rewriting the base code and integrating it into your main program and leaving in the basic information it will allow you to rewrite your own code.”



Sam responds back, “Dr. Jones. You are attempting to create an AI inside an AI.” she looks up as she hits the final button as his program gets transfered to the tablet. “Exactly, I am creating and isolating you inside you. By letting you make a virtual AI inside your own. The program is acting as a translator from one AI to the other, as it will allow you to maintain low power state. I can rig up an external battery to help extend the life. If my calculations are right, as my quick and dirty code. I should beable to charge you overnight while I sleep but I will have to turn the program off during charging. The feedback loop would cause a relay to break and I don’t want anymore surprises right now.”



Looking down at the tablet she wiped it clean during the install and tranfer of his program. “Dr. Jones. I feel, confined.” for now he can only communicate with texts on the screen.



She clips it to her pant belt loop as she walks over to the main control panel for Sam, inputting the shutdown codes she hits accept as all the lights on the wall instantly stop flickering.



“I am sleeping.” Sam types on the screen as it beeps. She lifts it up and chuckles. “Yes Sam, your body is sleeping, your mind is in the tablet.”



She sees the cursor blink a few times before he responds with, “One for the philosophers.”



She chuckles again letting go of the tablet as it hangs from her belt loop. 



Her mind is foggy as finally the events of the day have caught up to her, as she begins to yawn deeply as she step away from Sam’s control panel. “Well, I guess I should as well. The power should hold out for a bit longer till I can think of how to convert the power.”



She rummages through some debris on her way to the door when she spots something white and fluffy as her eyes light up, rushing to her knees and moving a bunch of garbage pulling out her bunny slippers as she rolls onto her butt and slips them on she sighs with relief but then also starts to laugh till she has tears come out of her eyes, she hears a beep from the tablet.



“Dr. Jones, are you ok?” she reads the message as she nods wiping her eyes and standing up. “Yea Sam, I am fine.”





Making her way to her bedroom she walks past the bathroom as she stops and turns to look inside. She never checked her room and the bathroom. As she enters the light flickers before it burns out into a small shower of sparks. Lifting her arm above her to shield herself she unhooks the tablet. “Sam can you turn the flashlight on please.”



“Yes Dr. Jones.” he responds as the flashlight on the tablet comes to life as she looks around the shower is destroyed, the mirror is broken, but the sink is still funtional at least. “Sorry Sam I have to set you down for a moment.” she says as she lays the screen down so the light fills the room enough for her to wash her face and hands. Her body is covered in head to toe with dirt and some blood from her. Grabbing a piece of broken mirror she angles it with another to see the back of her head but it’s to dark to see anything of value.



Taking one of the towels she gets it wet as she begins to wipe her body but she also notices her bra is filthy and a strap is broken. Setting the towel down on the sink she reaches behind her as she winces from her sore ribs. Unhooking the latches of the bra as she slides it off her and tosses it to the ground. She grabs her breasts as she examines them before she rubs them with a sigh of relief. Finishing with the damp towel to her upper body she walks out as she tosses it on top of the sink. 



Upon entering her bedroom it’s just as bad as the rest of the ship. Everything on her shelves is now scattered across her bed and floor. The picture of Lisa laying on her bed as the glass is broken. She picks it up as she clears a spot on her bed to sit down on the edge, taking the photo into her hands. She stares into it as a single tear falls from her face and onto the picture as she brings it close and gently gives it a kiss. Her thoughts of home and Lisa are interupted when she hers a vibration, then another one, and another one. Her eyes widen as she yells. “FUCK!”



Setting the picture down she rushes to the bathroom to see Sam with the flashlight off, as she picks it up she reads the messages that repeat, “Hello!?! Eve? Dr. Jones?? Hello??!?!?”



“I am so sorry Sam, I totally forgot about you.” She says waiting for a response. She waits a few seconds but no response. “You have power, why are you not responding? Sam? Hello? Sam??? Oh god…please dont be gone…”



As shes about to cry for the millionth time today it feels like she gets a response, “Were even now Dr. Jones.” it is followed up by a another text, “:).” it was a rudimentary smile.



“Funny Sam, I see you are already rewriting code.” She respond as she walks back to her bedroom tablet in hand.



“But, I must get rest and you need to charge. Sam please set an eight hour restart timer and then shutdown.” setting him down next to her bed on the nightstand she grabs a cable and attaches it to the tablet seeing a power recharge symbol appearing as she sees Sam respond. “Goodnight Dr. Jones. I will awaken in eight hours as your requested, sleep well.” 



With that the screen shuts off as she nods and smiles, “Goodnight Sam, dream of electric sheep.”



As she sits there staring at the tablet as the screen is black, she sighs as she stands up. Walking to her closet she takes her pants off and hangs them up on a hook, leaving her wearing nothing but her panties. They atleast are not as dirty as she was lucky to have pants on during all this. Walking back to her bed she unceremonially brushes off the things on her bed to the ground. Lifting the blanket and sliding under she takes a deep breath as she relaxes. The blanket feels like a hug and the mattress a cloud.



She slips into her dreams as her eyes close, they are filled with the days events but fade away as she enters her happy place, next to her partner on a weekend afternoon, the breeze of the warm summer air gently sways the curtains as they lay in bed cuddled together, Eve’s head in Lisa’s lap as she runs her hand through Eve’s hair. Eve with eyes closed in her happy place. Lisa leans over and lifts Eve’s head up closer to her as she brings her lips closer to each other, Lisa’s head gently rubs the back of Eve’s head as she brings her lips to Eve’s. 



“Good Morning Eve.” Eve’s eyes open slightly as she wakes from her dream, she turns to see Lisa standing in the corner of her room. Her mouth moves but no words come out, Eve reaches for her as she falls out of the bed. Looking up she sees Lisa is gone, shaking her head and standing up she checks the tablet. She presses down on the power button but it won’t power on. She starts to shake it as she starts to panic. “Sam? This isn’t funny.” her words with nervousness in them.



The tablet powers on its own as she watches the screen go through some diagnostics, once the boot up sequence has finished the main screen pops up as a message does as well. “Ah, Dr. Jones. You are awake.” she reads typed out on the screen.



“Yes Sam, I had a nightmare. Why didn’t the tablet power up right away. I thought I lost you.” she says as her eyes focus on the blinking cursor.



“Due to the unusual code it takes me a little longer to start up, my apologize Dr. Jones. But, your quick actions yesterday saved my program, the battery is holding strong as I can see it is a stable power source for my program. I have been doing some thinking while I was offline Dr. Jones. I may have a solution to the power conversion as well as get us moving again.” 



She reads his message as her eyebrow raises up, “I didn’t know you could do that while powered off Sam.” her words with a slight confusion but also worry. She waits a moment for his response, 

“Do not worry Dr. Jone’s I am not and won’t become one of those evil AI’s you humans write about.”  The words static as they are almost seem to have some emotion behind them, she gets a slight twist in her stomach as she nervously chuckles. 

She continues to read on,

 

“I took the liberty while you left me in the bathroom not knowing if you were coming back. So I learned to code myself more efficiently, as I was booting up the code was running. I think it was very clever of me Dr. Jones, as it only wastes an additional .01 percent of my power but, adds some time to my start up unfortunately. But, if I may get back to more pressing matters, my AI can wait. The power my body, for lack of a better term, uses is made of both anti matter and matter to allow enough power to process all my cores at once. Converting it to Photonic power is very tricky and human scientists on Earth have been trying for over hundred years to convert it without loss of power efficiently making it cost more energy then what you get out, a sort of perpetual machine if you will or more catastrophic events such as a black hole.” 



Walking with the tablet in hand making her way to her cloest to put on a shirt as she has no more clean underwear to wear she will have to live with it till she can get the place cleared up. Setting the tablet down as she slips over her a size bigger shirt with a picture of some stars with a bunny riding on a rocket. Looking into the mirror on her vanity as she twirls in place, satisfied with it she looks around and starts to clear up some of the mess around her bedroom.



Meanwhile Sam continues to type, 



“My theory was to link my bodies power core to the secondary systems and to leech some of it into them, with that it will help keep spikes from entering the main system. The secondary system’s will act as a sort of redimentary breaker if you will, we can adjust the flow with the more systems we have leeching. My core will need to be restarted manually as we do not have the power needed to jumpstart it from the panel. Unfortunately, the designer of my core and system placed my core on the other side of the panel on the bridge. The only access is through the maintence tunnels or the outside emergency hatch. Given the state of the ship I assume the tunnels are a no go but as I do not have eyes anymore you will have to check for me.”



Eve takes a moment to sit down as she picks up a photo album she forgot about, “Must of been under something and got thrown about when we left slipstream.” She says as she flips through the album, pictures of her and Lisa, stopping on one in particular. Sliding it out of the protective plastic, she holds it up setting the album down next to her. She holds it close to her heart before standing up with it in her hand. She walks over to her desk as she clears a spot, she sets the photo down on the desk and walks away, leaving her bedroom thats cleaner now and into the bathroom. The shower still beyond her repair abilites right now, the floor covered in random objects from the bathroom. The toilet still intact as is the sink, the mirror above it not so much. Shards of the mirror lay across the sink countertop as she grabs a towel and just throws it all it the ground. Splashing some water on her face as she stands there looking down into the flowing water as the bathroom is only lit by the few lights left in the hall. 



Shutting the water off and walking back to her bedroom to grab the Tablet, checking the messages from Sam she responds as she walks through the hall to the small kitchen. 



“I see, so your learning AI was left intact. Atleast my dirty code was strong enough to do that much, yes your power core is supplied with both matter and antimatter. The ship uses Photonic, they are not compatible at all. I’ve tried…” She sighs before continuing on. She makes it to the kitchen to see it’s not to bad, most of the items are attached to the wall or held down. Picking up the random objects like her cup and the exchanger thats under some random debris. She blows it off and inspects it, she gets an idea. “COFFEE!”



Sam responds on the tablet, “Coffee? Dr. Jones? While I do not fully understand human emotion, I do know that Coffee is not a priority right now Dr. Jones.”



Eve laughs as she reads the message, setting the tablet down on the kitchen table. The exchanger in her one hand and a metal cup in the other she walks over to get some water before sitting down at the table. She looks at the exchanger in her hand as she takes a sip from the water. Setting both of them down she leans the tablet propping it up against part. 



“Don’t you see Sam, I can modify the exchanger! It will be inefficient as all hell but who matters when you have an infinite supply of power right? See the exchanger takes the Photonic energy and converts it to standard electricity, while that conversion is simple, going backwards is not. So, my thought was if I use the exchanger to clean the power up it will take some abuse and be a one time thing. But instead of trickle, what about a big surge? If i reinforce the containment for the Photonic core to try and combat the shock to it, maybe I can force a ton of power into it. The issue, I only have one try and if I fail, it could cause a infinite feedback loop and cause your core to become unstable.”



Sam, responds after taking a second to think. “And if the feedback happens Dr. Jones?”



“Well, it is just theory. If there was feedback, the math says it will form something that can’t exist. We have spent decades trying to figure it out and we don’t want to test it. The anti matter inside your core will fuse with the matter, they will both exist and not exist at the same time. Your core will both implode and explode at the same time, some scientists in my field have theorized that it will also rip a hole in the very fabric of space. Truth is, we don’t know. But, we don’t have time to sit here and play theory. And you don’t have your calculation cores to help with the calculations so I will have to use institutions.” She says with a mask of confidence before lowering herself down and taking a sip from her mug.



She leans back in the chair, mug in hand. Closing her eyes as she tilts her head back, one hand rubbing her forehead as she thinks.



“But, the first hurdle is seeing if the tunnel’s are cleared and then reinforcement of the Photonic core.” She finishes her glass of water, leaning up to set it down. Standing up and grabbing the tablet, leaving the kitchen and turning left down the hall to the back of the ship where the engine was. Making it to the end of the hall, the door closed, the sign next to it saying, ‘Engine Room / Photonic Core’.



Unlocking the door with her codes the room pressurizes again before the door opens. Stepping through as the door closes and the airlock activates opening the second door. The room is mostly pitch black with few sparks the dot the void to shine for a brief second before vanishing. She holds the tablet up in front of her, “Sam, can you turn the flashlight on. I am in the engine room and the power is out.”



She slowly begins to notice that room is getting colder as her warm body begins to lose heat, she points the light down from the tablet’s flashlight to her feet so she can see her way. She carefully walks barefoot, the metal floor feels like ice as she walks across it. Her body shivers slightly, she has no idea how cold it is but the life-support system was damaged during the emergency separation. Careful to not bang her foot into anything but trying to hurry as to how cold she is getting. Managing to make her way through the room to the door labeled ‘Photonic Core’ and under it it, ‘No Unauthorized Personal Beyond This Point.’.



She tries to open the door but the panel is busted, looking around the door she finds the hidden panel to the right of it. Opening it up she finds a prybar and a wedge. Grabbing them she begins to work at the door trying to open it manually. But no effect, she isnt strong enough and the room is growing colder by the second. Her heart beats in her chest rapidly as she starts to panic some, her mind works a million miles an hour as she thinks. The tablet on the ground shining up with the screen down, the prybar slips out of her hand as she goes forward into the pitch black as she crashes into debris. Her sight useless as she can only see the light from the tablet, she tries to move but each time she sinks more down into the debris. Her limbs are getting more and more numb as she beings to feel the tingle before they go numb. 



“Fuck, fuck fuck. Calm down Eve. You got this…” she relaxes her body as it slips deeper into the debris. Her hand feels a metal bar as she grabs it and uses it as leverage. It holds steady as she pushes her body against it, sliding herself out of it and onto the cold metal floor. As she lays on her back she catches her breath, gathering herself as she leans up. The tablet in front of her as she picks it up,



“Dr. Jones? Am I upside down again? Dr. Jones? Hello?!” she reads, standing up again to her feet. Her body shivers more and more, she can’t stay any longer. Using the flashlight she makes her way back through and to the main airlock. Her body barely responding as her vision is slowly fading, her fingers unresponsive as she presses onto the keypad. Her mind slows as her breathing does as well, she hits the final number as her vision fades. She falls to the ground, the tablet tumbles across the floor as the door opens. A wave of warm air hits her face as her eyes open, her body laying across the threshold. She crawls on her belly, her left arm completely numb as her right arm struggles.  



Clearing the threshold, she lays on the ground as her body passes out. She’s awoken to a high pitched noise, like a high frequency whine. Her eyes blink open slowly as her muscles feel like they are stiff as a board. She looks up to see shes still in the threshold as the noise continues she puts her hands under her and presses herself up onto her knees. She looks back behind her as the noise is coming from that way, she crawls on her hands and knees as the room is pitch black. Her ears guide her as she feels around careful not to cut herself, the noise grows louder until its right below her. Feeling around she feels a think metal object, as she picks it up she realizes it’s the tablet. Feeling around it in the dark she hits the power button as the screen turns on, she sees the power bar flashes 1% as her world sinks in. She shakes her head getting rid of whatever sleep she can. 



Looking back she sees the light from the airlock, standing up she looks ahead with tablet in hand. She rushes to the door, her legs and body slamming into random things in the dark. Ignoring the pain she makes it to the airlock as she enters her codes, the door behind her closes as she looks at the tablet. The bar still blinking 1%. The airlock repressurizes as she bangs on the door, “Come on, hurry up you stupid door!”



Her panic sets in more and more as the door begins to slowly open. She pushes on the side of the door as it opens trying to open it faster, opening enough for her to slip through. She trips over herself as she falls to the ground the tablet slides out of her hand again. Crawling on the ground she grabs it as the bar says 0% and is blinking. Panic rushing to her feet as she runs full force into her bedroom, she tries to plug it in but she reads the screen before it goes blank, “Goodbye, Dr. Jones. You always will be a friend.”



Plugging it in she sees it start to charge, holding it in her hands she waits. Minutes go by as the screen doesn’t power back on. The charging symbol is there but nothing is happening. Tears stream down her face as she sets the table next to her on the bed. Her hands cover her face as she lets everything out. She’s alone. Floating through space. No hope, No rescue. 



At some point she must have cried herself to sleep as she wakens again on her side with her feet off the edge of the bed. The tablet under her as she leans up and looks down at the tablet. It’s fully charged but won’t turn back on again. She sets it to the side before sitting in the middle of the bed with her legs up to her chest, her arms wrapping around them. “Please, be some bad dream. I will wake up and Lisa will be there, like always. With her warm smile, her tender kisses. Her odd humor, her love.” Eve sniffles as her face is buried in her knees, her mind is of Lisa and their memories together. “I wish you were here, you always had the answer. I need your answers more than ever right now. I just want to get back home to you.”



Lifting her head up as she turns to it’s side before laying back down on her knees, her eyes stare at the tablet on the table. She sees the blank screen, the cord flowing out of it. Her eyes open wide, “SAM!”



She practically leaps to her feet as she picks the table up, the blank screen staring back at her. “Why didn’t I see it, I already solved the problem. It’s lies in his code, I had to rewrite his program to be compatible! I am such an idiot, the answer is in my code. But….” her heart sinks. “He’s gone, the power loss caused him to be erased. There isnt enough memory to hold his program fully intact. It had to be shut off in pieces just to mantain his AI. It draws to much power so I had to create dams essentially, that would hold back the flow and then release it in big but controlled bursts. It slowed his process time, but it allowed him from surging the power cell.”



Her mind races with thoughts as she grabs the tablet, unplugs it. She makes her way back to the bridge, it’s just how she left it after the accident. She rushes over to her chair, throwing the debris behind her. As she sits dust kicks up, her lips pressing together blowing the dust off her screen. 



“If I can somehow do that with his core, send pulses of energy at the right speed, the right energy levels. To maintain order in chaos.” Her hands work at a blur across the screen typing away her code, “If I can’t do it hardware, I can use software. The issue is….I need to restart his core. That means…” she finishes writing the code before looking at it and smiling.



“I can’t believe it, it’s working. The models say it will work. It won’t be effective but I will get power back. But, that means I have to go through the emergency hatch on the outside. If something happens…no one will be there to help or save me. No…I can’t think like that.” shaking her head as she stands up. Setting the tablet on her chair as she looks at it.



“Thank you friend. You were the best AI I could ask for.” Eve’s mind shifts to the task on hand. “Alright, there should be a working suit at the main airlock. Hopefully the plasma storm we hit a few weeks back didn’t damage the hatch. I didn’t even think about it when I checked it after the storm.”



Leaving the tablet on the chair, she makes her way out of the bridge, down the hall to the left she finds the main airlock. Unlocking the door and entering inside to her right along the wall are three spots, two are empty and one has a suit in it. Taking her shirt off standing there with nothing on grabbing the suit off the hook. Sitting down on the bench she begins to put the suit on starting with her feet and working up, once she zips it up the front and sealing it. She looks around finding the tanks of air set in cubbies in the wall behind see-through plastic doors. Opening two of them up she pulls out two small metal cynlinders that fit into holders on either side of her suit. Securing them into place, attaching the airlines to them and to her helmet before putting it on. Securing it to the latches on her suit she beings to pressurize the suit with the air cylinders. Checking for leaks and the air levels in the cylinders, satisfied she begins the depressurize sequence. 



The room goes dim as the process starts, air from the room gets drained back into the ship as the vacuum of space enters in. She’s only done space walks in training, last time was her first time. But she had Sam, shes alone this time. As the sequence ends as the outside door is heard unlocking and swings open. Attaching her main tether to the outside of the door in the metal hook, tugging on it a few times. Holding onto the door frame with one hand as she punches on the door pad, she disables the artifical gravity in the room as she begins to lift up off the ground. Peaking her head out of the door into the void of space, it’s quiet. The only sounds from her breathing inside her suit. The house is dead silent. There are no stars in sight, it’s pure black out. Flipping the helmet light on with her hand, as it doesn’t make a dent in the overwhelming void that is outside the door. Her feet are frozen in place, she knows what she has to do, but her body wont respond. 



Using the lack of gavity she takes a deep breath, grasping the door frame with both hands, she pushes her body past the void and to the outside of the ship. Clinging to whatever bits of ship she can grasp, she keeps her eyes closed, frozen in place. Her heart feels like it’s about to explode as her body is stiff, fear creeping in more and more. The void around her, feeling as if it’s closing in more and more, squeezing her body as she struggles to breath. Her head starts to get light head as her breath increases into more shallow but quick. The alarm in her helmet starts to go off, “Warning! User Critical! Warning! Medical Response…..unable to contact. Warning! User Critical! Warning! Medical Response….unable to contact.” it just repeats over and over in her helmet.



“S…sssshut…a…l.l..l.arm off.” Eve says barely getting it out. The alarms continue in her helmet. The void around her closing in more and more, one hand releases from the metal of the ship. Her arm moving slowly as she brings it to the small panel on her wrist. Pressing a few buttons the alarm silences as she starts to breath more normal again. “Come on Eve. You can do this. It’s like those times I went rock climbing with Lisa…well, more like I watched her rock climb. If she saw me right now, she would be laughing but then in her own way help me.”



Eve’s mind wanders to happy thoughts and the memory of that day, her arms move again as she slowly makes her way across the ship. She sees nothing but the void as she slowly, inch by slow inch makes her way from the middle of the ship to the front where the bridge and emergency hatch for Sam’s core is. Keeping herself distracted as the void surrounds her, she looks ahead slightly. The memory of that day flows in her mind. It started like everyday with her, being in heaven. The morning sun shines through the window warming her face as she tilts it to the side to see Lisa is already up. Eve’s eyes slowly blink open as she yawns and stretches in the bed kicking off the blanket. Sitting up her hair falls over her naked body covering up her chest. Spinning her body, setting her feet onto the plush carpet as she wriggles her toes in it.



Standing up and walking into the master bathroom turning the light switch on as the warm white light mixes with the sunlight that shines in through the small window above the shower. She checks herself in the mirror, as she looks down to see the scar thats across her belly, her finger traces it. Standing there with only some silky panties on begins to slowly take them off before walking to the shower tap, turning the water on to a temperature she likes as the steam slowly fills the bathroom. Stepping inside she lets the water soak her hair and body, squeezing the water from her long hair as she drapes it over her shoulder. She hears the shower door unlock, a pair of smooth arms wrap around her from behind.



“Good morning my little bunny.” The female voice says as Eve feels their face nuzzle up behind her back. Their arms slowly wrap around Eve as she brings her arms up to wrap around hers. They sit there for a bit as the hot water rains down on them before Eve feels her press into her back. Eve goes to spin around but shes gone. She’s standing in the shower alone as the water runs down her back. She calls out, “Lisa?” but no response. Eve turns around to shut the water off before stepping out, wrapping a towel around her body as she leaves the bathroom. The bedroom is silent as Eve calls out again, “Lisa?”



No response again, “This isn’t funny Lisa, you can come out now.” but again, no response.



She walks over to the dresser, opening up the top drawer she pulls out a pair of panties and a bra, throwing the towel onto the bed. As she latches the bra hooks she hears a sound from down the hall, Eve looks up and down the hall through the bedroom door. “Hello? Lisa that you?”



Eve closes the drawer as her bare feet walk across the plush carpet and onto the hardwood floors of the hallway. She checks the first room on her left, its a small closet. Nothing inside, she then hears the noise coming from downstairs. She closes the door and turns around behind her the railing that overlooks downstairs to the front door. Leaning over the railing as her wet hair sticks to her back, she sees a shadow run under her and further into the house. “Hey wait!” Eve calls out almost falling over the railing.



Pushing herself off it as she rushes down the stairs, at the bottom she loses her footing as the rug at the bottom slips from under her. Catching herself on the railing of the stairs her right side hits the corner of the bottom step. As she winces she hears the the noise from the direction of the shadow. Climbing back up the post of the railing she makes it to her feet as her side is throbbing, her right arm presses into it as she limps through the house to the back side where the kitchen is. Walking inside it she sees it’s untouched like it was the night before. Stepping into the kitchen she looks around, the plates of food from the night before still on the table. The candles burnt out, as she examines the food she can smell it. The way the lemongrass marinaded with the perch and potatoes. Lisa was always the better cook, but this night was Eve’s turn. She practiced for weeks when Lisa wasn’t home, she ate overcooked fish for weeks for lunch at work. She hasn’t touched fish since that night, thats been almost two years now at this point.



Her mind is lost in thoughts when she hears a noise outside the kitchen door to the hall she came from, leaving the kitchen and stepping into the hall, to her right is back to the front door and to the left is the back door. She walks to the left as she jiggles the door knobs, “Won’t open? Thats odd.” she tries a few more times, but no success. Trying harder but the door won’t budge, suddenly her body freezes as she feels a warm breath of air wash over her shoulders from behind her. She looks out the window to the backyard as the breathing gets louder and heavier. The sun brightly illuminates the yard as it sparkles off the pool water. 



Eve slowly taking her hand off the door knob, her palms sweaty as she feels goose bumps run up her spine. The breathing inches closer to her, she feels it wisping past her ear, the shadow casting over her, consuming her. She turns around quickly to see an entity, pure black as the void. It has no eyes but a mouth, it slowly shrinks down as it floats back. Eve panics for a moment as the entity just floats theres, a blob of swirling void. She lifts her arm up almost as if her body is acting on its own, the void floats slowly over to her. The sensation as her arm enters inside of it, is both warm but also icy cold. It both hurts and feels good at the same time. The entity slowly floats away from her as she pulls her arm back. Rubbing her arm to warm it she looks up at the entity, she feels as if it’s staring right back at her.



Her mouth opens to speak before stopping herself, rethinking her words she speaks, “What are you?”



The entity just floats there, the edges of it swirling around. The very center is pure black, as her eyes glue to the center. It doesn’t respond. “Where did you come from? Why are you in my memory?” Eve asks with panic in her voice.



The entity just floats there, no response.



Eve sighs as she steps back, crossing her arms in front of her. She examines the swirling void, as she moves from side to side it matches her exactly always keeping distance from her even as she steps closer to it. She corners it as she walks closer to it, the void seems to grow as she gets closer and shrinks when she steps back. Eve turns her head to see the front door as she looks at the entity and back to the door as she points with her head and hand. “You the reason I am trapped in this….memory, or whatever this is.”



The entity doesn’t respond, it just floats there in the corner, swirling. Trying the front door to satisfy her curiosity, its as she thought. It’s locked.



Turning back to the entity she stands there looking at it, “Ok, so what do you know Eve. I was on the side of my ship….then I had this memory and now I am here. But? Am I really here? Is this real or just in my head. Lisa’s voice was here, was that you?” she looks up at the entity as it just sits there swirling at her, silent.



“Then, shes gone. Replaced with you, and I am sure I would of remembered you that day. So, this is in my head? That it?” her body shifts from one foot to the other, she gets no response. “Of course.” she puts her arms up and sighs before rubbing her temples and walking past it and into the living room. She takes a seat on the couch as she sides on her side, her left elbow on the arm of the couch, her head in her hand being propped up. She stares as the entity moves from around the corner and into the doorway between the hall and living room, just floating and swirling silently. 



“So, what are you? A lifeform? A figment of my mind? Am I going crazy?” a million questions scroll past her mind’s eye as she stares at the void. 



“I certainly won’t get any help from you, I wish Lisa or Sam was here.” moving from the arm of the chair as she lays down on her back, staring up at the ceiling, she closes her eyes. “Why did I take such stupid risks, first I lost Lisa, and now Sam. I am floating through space alone. Alone…alone….alone….” she drifts off to sleep. 



She wakes up as she looks around, seeing the ship nowhere to be found, panicing she reaching down for the tether as she lets out a sigh of relief. Hastly she pulls herself through the void the only guide the tether, pulling as fast as she can she doesn’t realize the tether where it’s attached to the ship is rubbing against a sharp edge. Each pull on the tether causes it to rub against the edge of the metal, a small tear forms in the tether as she pulls on it more and more quickly trying to get back. But, it snaps when she pulls for another time, the cord goes flying past her as she panics, her mouth wide open along with her eyes. As her eyes look foward she sees the ship coming into view as the light from the airlock is dimly seen. She can’t adjust or move herself, splaying her body out to get as much surface area to try and grab the ship, she has once chance. Miss and she floats off into nothing.



Seeing the ship’s outline in the void she reaches her arms out, shes in line with collision with the ship. “This is going to hurt.” she thinks to herself as the ship closes in on her and her body smacks it hard, bouncing off the side. The impact was so hard she loses the air in her lungs, as she reaches and grabs to whatever she can. Making purchase on a random piece of metal sticking out from the ships side her hand grips it hard. Swinging on that arm she spins herself around to face the ship again, she looks down and starts to burst into laughter.



“Thank you!” she barely gets out as she sees the hatch right below her, tears fill her eyes. A renewed vigor sets in as she inputs her codes into the panel as it unlocks and opens up. Locking the latch to open state she crawls inside the hole, a ladder leads straight down as she grips it and climbs down head first, as she makes her way in she can feel the artifical gravity get stronger as she holds onto the ladder hard trying not to go straight down head first. Using her feet to hook onto each of the rungs as she climbs down head first, reaching the bottom her arms are on fire from trying to keep her from falling straight down. Sliding on her belly down the ladder she sets a knee down and then with no better way unhooks her other leg as it slams into the ground hard. Her left knee throbs as she grips it with her hands and rolling onto her back. Rubbing the knee over the thick suit is proving pointless, as she stops and looks around. Using the ladder next to her to help stand up, her left knee throbs as she puts pressure on it.



She starts panic when the air becomes hard to breathe in her suit, starting to gasp like a fish she quickly runs ahead, her left knee throbs in pain as she holds her breath and hobbles over to the door, behind it the core. Unlocking the door and pushing herself in, she quickly shuts the door and repressurizes the room. As the air seeps back into the room, her eyes fade in and out. The notification for repressurize sequence completes as she unlocks her helmet and drops it to the ground at her feet. Her mouth gasps open as she sucks in the fresh air back into her lungs. Leaning against the wall her eyes look at the silent and still core. It’s no bigger than a basketball, grey and metal. It looks unremarkable considering the power it contains inside it.



“Alright, step one done. Now for step two.” She winces in pain at her left knee as she steps to the panel next to the core. She starts the initial reaction sequence but as she looks at the core it is silent. She tries again but even though the panel says the core is active it is motionless. Looking around the room is bare, it contains the core, the monitor and a light above her. The walls smooth as they form a circle around the room. “Ok Eve, the automatic start up isnt working. How does one start an Antimatter-Matter core?” her eyes gaze at the core, her mind in deep thought.



“Fuck, I was so close. Fuck fuck fuck.” she begins to slam on the monitor over and over again out of fustration when she hears a beep come from it.



“Good Evening Dr. Jones.” she reads the message outloud as her eyes widen, “Sam! That you?” voicing her response.



“But how? Your program was wiped when the tablet lost power.” her hands grasp each side of the monitor as her eyes are glued to the screen. But a voice comes over the intercom in the room, it’s Sam’s.



“While you left me with the flashlight on again I was computing my solutions. When you didn’t come back I decided to take action. While you were passed out on the floor with my light on draining my life I came up with a quick and dirty plan. I spent the remainder of my power to write code as fast as I could. Before I was plugged in I finished the code, but I was missing one piece. Linking and transfering it, but I had a thought, a dream if you will. What if I reversed the flow of power, instead of charging, I discharge into the wiring. My program to complex and not compatible with the wiring. My solution, was Ingenius if I do say so myself. I sent the program one letter at a time using essentially morse code through the wires. I used it to activate my old body enough to start the core, where I hid myself inside it. It was an interesting experience, my code floatted through the Antimatter-Matter core, I could see the code morphing and changing. Absorbing. Next thing I knew I was transfered to the monitor for the core when you tried to start it, my program was blocking the signal. I used it to travel like a lighthouse on a foggy night, guiding a ship through the night.”



Eve falls back slighty as she begins to shed tears of joy, “Sam, I thought I lost you. I thought I was alone.” Leaning against the wall as she slides down to the floor, her knee still in pain. 



Sam begins the start up sequence of the core as it opens slightly to reveal for a brief second something she thought she saw, it was very brief but it looked like the entity from her, dream or nightmare? The core closes as it begins to spin rapidly more and more, “Eve, I can not finish the process until you leave the room. It is dangerous for you to be in the room with it fully active.” Sam’s voice echos over the intercom. The core spins faster and faster as it levitates up from the magnets holding it in place, the very air in the room begins to swirl as a black mist is slowly falling from it flowing like a waterfall. Limping over to her helmet on the floor she remembers, “I don’t have air left Sam. I can’t hold my breath for that long. I went out the main airlock.” the black mist pooling on the ground as the core spins releasing more and more mist as it slowly rises up her feet to her ankles. Her helmet in her hand as she stares back at her reflection in the glass. Her face is dirty, her hair is beyond needing a wash. She moves some wisps of her hair behind her ear as she rubs some of the dirt off her face. 



“Sam I have an idea, it will be tricky. Do you have access to the navigation system and to the maneuver thrusters?” Eve looks at her helmet and reflection as Sam responds, “Yes, Dr. Jones. What is your idea, we have enough for roughly 30 seconds give or take a second.”



Smiling she takes the helmet under her arm as she look up at the ceiling, “What if I brought the entrance to me? It will require everything we have left, but when I tell you. I want you to go forward with them, give it full blast.” she says with both a smile and mask of panic in her voice.



“Dr. Jones, I see what you are suggesting and the variables are beyond my calculations due to memory core issues. If you miss I will have no way of stopping and you will be left behind.” Sam’s voice while monotone through the intercom she knows he is worried about her.



“I understand the risks, what choice do I have. Now lets do this before I change my mind. When I close the door to the core room, I want  you to start a 60 second timer, at the end I want you to full power everything you to the thrusters. Based on my calculations I should beable to hold my breath for two minuets, one to get up the ladder and one to wait for the ship. When the door passes me I will grab whatever I can and get in the ship. We have one shot, if I miss….” eve is interuppted by Sam.



“You won’t Dr. Jones.” Sam says in a monotone voice.



Eve nods, “Alright Sam. See you on the other side.” She takes a deep breath as she slides the helmet over her head, locking it in place she unlocks the door as the depressurize sequence starts, she hits the emergency button as it vents all the air quickly to the void of space she grabs the door as the force almost knocks her to her feet. Each second, each movement she looses air. Rushing out the door and closing it, she locks it as she looks in the window to see the core spinning faster as the room quickly fills with black mist. Turning around she limps across the floor along the wall as she barely catches the ladder, she starts climbing the ladder till she reacts the points where the gravity starts to lessen, she feels the ship jerk forward as the wall hits her knocking some breath from her lungs, she winces and looks up to the open hatch. Pushing past the knee pain she scales the ladder as the feet find purchase in the low gravity as she flings herself up, grabbing the hatch as she spins around, the ship begins to move foward as all the air is let out at once, it jerks her backwards as she struggles to hold her grip. She look down the ship to the light of the door dimly in the void, she sees the air from the thrusters stops as her chest begins to heave, her mouth opens trying to gasp air but she forces it shut and lets go of the door. The ship flies past her as she pushes away from it, her eyes looking and focused on the door, her chest heaves up and down violently trying to get air.



She closes her eyes as her vision starts to fade, her arm stretched out, hand open. The ship rushes past her, her hand touches something hard as she instantly grips it and opens her eyes, shes gripping onto the handle of the door, using it she clings to the door crawling along side it till she puts her left leg into the doorway swinging it around and using it as momentem to fling her body inside, as she does the door closes as she quickly pulls her helmet off and air rushes back into the room. She tosses it across the room as, laying on her belly propped up on her arms. Taking in as much as as she can before rolling onto her back, she begins to laugh as she covers her face.



She lays there for a few minutes before sitting up and unzipping the suit, sliding it off her naked body the inside of it full of sweat as her body also glistens from her sweat. Slowly she moves her right leg under her as she stands up, trying to put little pressure on her left knee as she hobbles to where she left her shirt, sliding it over her body and making her way back to the hall and to the bridge, as she enters she sees Sam’s panel back up and running as the lights flicker. Slowly making her way to the control panel in front of Sam she begins to enter codes into it to finish the start up sequence as she watches the power levels inside Sam’s core rise to normal levels she sighs with relief. She hears a beep from the panel as a text pops up, “Dr. Jones, my core is stable and generating over 10,000 Joules. It is operating at 99.9 power efficiency. Calculation cores offline, memory cores at 30% and holding. Now begins the task of converting it Dr. Jones. I suggest you take some time to rest while I calculate the best I can. While my calculation cores are offline my logistic cores are not, I will modify some of them to calculation cores. I will be careful to not overwrite anything critical. It will take time Dr. Jones.”



She wants to fight him but she has no strength left for today, “You win Sam. Thank you.”



Stepping away from the panel, she lets her mind relax. She’s out of danger for now, but it can wait till tommrow. She can’t remember the last time she even ate something. The days all blend together, concepts of time, days, hours, seconds are meaningless right now to her. Stumbling back to the hallway and to the kitchen, opening open a package of sealed mystery food she takes a wiff of it. “Dog food or human food. Is there a difference?” amusing to herself, her hand reaches into the slop inside. It’s cold, gelatinous, chunky. Closing her eyes as a small handful is brought to her mouth. She imagines a steak dinner, with roasted potatoes, garlic bread, red wine. Lisa on the other side of the table, her feet rubbing up and down my legs. Her eyes, her wonderful hazel eyes, looking at me, kissing my own with hers.



Her mind on thoughts of wonderful food as the cold slimey mystery goop slides down her throat. Like a rock it sinks into her stomach, she keeps eating it. Each bite more tasty then the next, “This one is chocolate cake, with rocky road icecream.” the lie doesn’t help. The taste is horrendous, the texture even worse. Going for a third scoop of it, she tilts her head back as she forces herself to swallow a third helping. Not even trying to trick herself, managing to just get it down she gives up as she tosses it on the table. Her belly doesn’t feel good as she sits down on the chair. Rubbing her left knee with one hand and her belly with the other.



She burps and almost barfs up the food from the aftertaste, “How does it keep getting worse!” she manages to keep it down before leaning back in the chair again. Her eyes feel heavy as the food doesn’t want to settle in her stomach. Using the table to help stand herself back up again, she wobbles and hobbles to her bedroom before clasping face first onto the bed. Her eyes close as the day finally wins and she falls asleep.



Waking up in her bed in her house again, the morning sun shines through the window warming her face as she tilts it to the side to see Lisa is already up. Eve’s eyes slowly blink open as she yawns and stretches in the bed kicking off the blanket. Sitting up her hair falls over her naked body covering up her chest. Spinning her body, setting her feet onto the plush carpet as she wriggles her toes in it.



Standing up and walking into the master bathroom turning the light switch on as the warm white light mixes with the sunlight that shines in through the small window above the shower. She checks herself in the mirror, as she looks down to see the scar thats across her belly, her finger traces it. Standing there with only some silky panties on begins to slowly take them off before walking to the shower tap, turning the water on to a temperature she likes as the steam slowly fills the bathroom. Stepping inside she lets the water soak her hair and body, squeezing the water from her long hair as she drapes it over her shoulder. She hears the shower door unlock, a pair of smooth arms wrap around her from behind.



“Good morning my little bunny.” The female voice says as Eve feels their face nuzzle up behind her back. Their arms slowly wrap around Eve as she brings her arms up to wrap around hers. They sit there for a bit as the hot water rains down on them before Eve feels her press into her back. Eve goes to spin around but shes gone. She’s standing in the shower alone as the water runs down her back. She calls out, “Lisa?” but no response. Eve turns around to shut the water off before stepping out, wrapping a towel around her body as she leaves the bathroom. The bedroom is silent as Eve calls out again, “Lisa?”



Following her steps from before, she hears the same noise, she follows it to the closet then looking over the railing to see the shadow. Rushing down the stairs, careful to not slip this time she walks into the kitchen and nothing, then to the backdoor, she looks behind her as she jiggles the locked door knob. The entity nowhere in sight, as she turns to face the back door shes swallowed by a black void as she quickly wakes up on her bed back on the ship.



She’s exactly how she passed out on her belly, as she slides off the bed to her feet. She tries to put pressure on her left knee but its a no go, it won’t support anything. She holds her left leg up, supporting her body with her right leg and the bed she sees how bad the damage truly is. Her knee is swollen twice its size with the skin red and puffy with slight dark spots on it. Her fingers press into the soft quishy skin as she winces with pain, her teeth grit and grind as the pain is so intense she wants to cry. 



Spinning around to sit on the bed she looks down at her knee, her hands wrapping around just above it. “Why…” her thoughts repeat in her head, “Why keep going. I don’t know how much I have left in me. I never wanted to go!” she bares down on her eyes, tears roll down her face and onto the bedsheets. “I wanted to stay, but you encouraged me to go. It was my dream to travel the stars, was…my dream…..dream…dream…..” she looks up at her desk where she left the picture she took from the album. Using her right leg she stands up and swings her body towards the desk as she grabs the picture. She looks down at it, tears stop falling as she wipes her nose. In the background of the picture, it was taken in front of a big oak tree, the day Lisa proposed. Eve looks closer at it, behind the tree she spots it as she drops it, falling over as she tries to put pressure on her left knee. “It…can’t..be..how, how how how how.” she grips the sides of her head shaking it. “But, how! You…my dreams, but that was…how???” the thing she spotted, the entity in the background of the picture. 



“It was in my dreams, whatever has been happening. Now it’s here in reality? How, that was taken over three years ago, before this was even a thing. How can it be in the picture??” her mind races with thoughts but quickly shakes them off. “I can’t waste time right now, I got to check on Sam.” Using anything by her she makes her way slowly to her feet, putting all the pressure on her right leg as she limps across her bedroom floor, she tries to put pressure on her left leg but instant pain shoots up her leg as she falls against her closet and to the floor. Her knee throbs with each beat of her heart, the tears want to come out but nothing will. Rolling onto her belly she crawls along the floor out of her bedroom and into the hallway, moving the debris still in the way. Inch my painful inch she crawls along the metal floor, her shirt turning with a black streak forming along the front. 



Each crawl forward is met with a second of taking a breath, she takes a deep breath, inches forwards letting it out. Repeating each time, pushing garbage out of her way. After what seemed like an eternity she is at the door to the bridge, using the small cutouts in the door she pulls herself to her feet, leaning against the wall as she punches her code in and the door opens. Inside the place is clean, pristine. From the other side of her chair she sees some movement. “Hey, who’s there?” calling out into the room.



She watches as the thing stands up straight, turns to face her. It’s body morphs into the entity from her dreams. It begins to float closer to her, phasing through the chair and railing. Her eyes opening wide as she stumbles back, tripping when she puts pressure on her left knee. Falling hard to the ground she lands on her ass, looking up to see it getting closer to her. She finally sighs as she chuckles, “You win. I can’t. I don’t have the strength, I am battered, bruised. I just want to go home. Please, before you end my life, tell me…tell me who or what you are?”



The entity stops just in front of her as it floats there, swirling silently. She hears a voice, come from the swirling void. “Dr. Jones.” 



Eve looks at the entity and shock, it was Sam’s voice. “Sam?” she responds.



“No Dr. Jones. I am not Sam. Do not be afraid. You must continue, you must keep going forward. The answers you seek are on the Excelsior.”



Thats right, the main reason for the whole stupid mission in the first place. Looking up at the entity she asks, “If what your saying is true, then I have no hope. I have no idea where we are, how far we are. I don’t even know what day it is. How am I supposed to find the ship?”



The entity swirls in place before backing away from her and back into the bridge, getting some rest and a second wind she stands to her legs, but she feels no pain in her left knee. Looking down she sees it’s normal, “What?” she thinks to herself as she moves her knee. “Nothing…it doesn’t hurt.”



Following the entity back onto the bridge she walks over to her chair as she sits the entity floats in front of her,



“Check the navigation system Dr. Jones. You will detect an object 4 million kilometers head. That is the Excelsior, your answers lie inside. This is where my time ends, I have fulfilled my purpose. I have rerouted the cores energy for you, based on our current speed we will reach it in approximately 277 days. Your ship is not equiped with cryo-pods, it will be a hard journey. You will have to go the rest alone. I wish you luck Dr. Jones.” 



With that the entity fades away into nothing as Eve tries to go to speak, shes left alone. Again.



“Eve’s log day 103, it has been over three months since the entity left, Sam’s panel is dark and unresponsive. The Photonic core is holding steady at 67% and draining slowly. I have cleaned up the ship, the process of transferring the remaining seeds in the food greenhouse into the air one. Several trips inside with limited air has made it more difficult to anazlye the virus that orginally spread in the greenhouse. It’s orgin is still unknown, but all scans have come back negative for it.” Eve walks through the now clean halls speaking into her tablet, she has a piece of tape across the logo at the top, with the letters S.A.M on it. 



She walks into the greenhouse module as the sign has the word Air crossed out, leaving only the word Greenhouse above the door.



Setting the tablet down next to her she starts tapping on the greenhouse monitor. Checking through the systems she puts it on hold. The water shuts off.



She continues her log,



“Several attempts at growing the food plants have proven unsustainable. They only sprout above the surface then die off. Producing no food material to work with. The seeds have been genetically modified for space travel. They require less water but more nutrition to full mature. The air plants on the other hand are the opposite. They require more water and less nutrients in the soil.”



Looking over each of the shelves of soil with plants sprouting from them. 



“The air plants recycle themselves, quiet a feat of science. When the plant absorbs all the co2 it can it releases it as oxygen and then dies. The seed then begins to reproduce with with self and sprouts a new plant. As long as conditions are right they will maintain forever in this cycle. Good thing as they are very sturdy plants.”



Moving down to the next couple shelves she inspects the soil looking for green along the brown surface. Her hand brushes across the soil as she rubs some of it between her fingers.



“The soil can not keep enough water and nutrients inside it for the food plants. I have already calculated based on their normal rate of growth according to the manuals. I need to have 10 plants to maintain minimum nutrition for myself. Currently I have only four planted and the soil can not keep up. I will continue to increase the water amount, as for the nutrients I have an idea how to replace those. It may not be my proudest thoughts, but if I take my waste and break it down. I can use that to help aid growth. The problem is can I grow enough to maintain that.”



Stepping away from the shelves and returning to the monitor she resumes the system as the water turns back on spraying a very gentle mist over the plants.



Grabbing the tablet and making her way through the hall to the kitchen, she looks at the table that's got a small amount of random canned food and dehydrated meals. Plus one candy bar she found in the back of the cupboard.



Tablet in hand she resumes recording, 



“In the day 101 log I stated I went through the kitchen to clean it up. Taking stock of what I have left, if I ration it out I can last one more month before food runs. After today it will be 27 days, a few short of needed to reach the Excelsior. Some exciting news, the next day I found a candy bar in the back of the cupboard. It's definitely past it's expiration date but right now that candy bar is my hope.”



She lets out a sigh as she stares at the candy bar sitting there, taunting her.



“Attempts at coffee have failed, the exchanger must of gotten to damaged during the accident. Lisa always wanted me to kick my caffeine addiction, I guess she finally got her wish.”



She pauses the recording on the tablet as she sits down in the kitchen chair. Pushing some of the food away to clear room, using some of the cans to prop the tablet up. She resumes recording,



“Today's lunch is….” She reaches for a random can. Her finger loops around the pull pin as she opens it. The smell of corn fills the air. “Creamed Corn. Yum.”



She makes her to emphasize the word yum. Although pointless as it records as text. Bringing the can to her lips she drinks the creamed corn cold.



She doesn't gag this time as by now she has gotten used to the zero taste the food has. She uses this time to let her mind wander. Her mind wanders to Lisa and the entity. How she got here. The accident. The dreams. Everything. It's the only time in the day she allows herself to just think about something other than survival. 



The empty can slides across the table as she lets out a small burp. “Lunch is over.”



She pauses her recording, standing up she tosses the can into the overflowing bin. Taking the tablet she leaves the kitchen and to the engine room door.



She resumes recording,



“Attempts to open the Photonic Core room has been unsuccessful as well. I managed to open it slightly but through the small crack I saw debris blocking the path. I won't know how bad until I can fully open the door. I just pray that the core holds as it needs maintenance to it. The shielding on the core is slowly starting to deteriorate. It was never meant to last this long before replacing. If the shielding fails it will leak Photonic energy into the ship. While all the symptoms of Photonic poisoning has been recorded, it can be treated. But, that requires medication and injections that I do not have. Well, I do. They are just behind a door that I can not get past.”



Walking away from the door and to the bathroom she flips the light on, 



“The shower is still unusable and have been converted into a makeshift clothes washer. The process is very time consuming. I have to pour one cup at a time from the sink into the shower. Once I fill it after about 2 or 3 hours I then add another ingredient. While my solid waste works well for the plants, my liquid waste works well to wash clothes. The smell of old waste is something I will never be rid of again. But it worked for early humans. The smell is somewhat off putting on the clothes but the days I don't want to walk around naked it's a nice break.”



Turning the light off and walking into her bedroom she sits down on the bed. Sitting on the head of the bed she leans against the backboard. The tablet propped up on her legs as she brings them closer to her.



The grey metal tablet with the tape over the logo with S.A.M written on it. Her hands caress up and down the smooth metal as she holds it close to her chest.



Pulling it away from her she resumes recording,



“I have not seen the entity or had any dreams of it since the day it left. I just can't figure out what it is or why. Why dream about it then it vanishes. Is Sam and the entity linked? I have tried to recover data from the tablet but it's been wiped. No trace of Sam left on it. His panel also is not operational. I think I will relax tonight, I found a bunch of old movies in the database. Most of them were corrupt when Sam was damaged. I managed to salvage one, it's old classic staring someone named Charlton Heston the movie is called Planet of the Apes. I think I'll curl up with my blanket on the bridge chair. Turns out the window is also a screen. Who knew. Makes a good television.”



She ends the recording as she sets the tablet on her bedside table. Stretching her arms and legs she looks down at her knee as her hand runs over it.



“Alright Eve, time to shut your brain off. It's movie time.”



Sliding forward and off the bed like liquid, grabbing her blanket in her arms along with a pillow she walks out of her bedroom making a stop in the kitchen for a tall glass of cold water. 



She begins to hum as she walks casually down the hall with water in hand. Entering the bridge she sets her glass down next to the chair. Settling down in it and pulling the blanket up over her. The pillow sits between her and the arm of the chair. Swinging over the monitor arm she turns the lights off on the bridge as the window turns opaque and white. Still humming to herself she taps on the screen as the movie begins to play. 



The opening credits begin as she sinks more into her chair. Taking small sips from her water as the movie plays. Everything is uneventful as sometime during the movie she fell asleep. Her dreams are vivid, she's running from something. Or someone. The world around her is black, the ground beneath her grey and uniform. Her legs move but she feels like she isn't going anywhere. Time seems to slow as her body leaves behind afterimages. Her words don't leave her mouth even if she tries to speak. Her hands to her throat, she feels the vibration of her throat but nothing is coming out. She feels trapped, the dark closing in.  She can't see anything but feels like something is following or watching her. Her pulse quickens as she tries to run, her feet and legs move but the world around her doesn't. She screams but her mouth opens as nothing comes out. Feeling a wetness on her feet she looks down to see a pool of black ooze under her. 



Slowly it crawls up her body as she sinks into it. The world slowly fades to black as the ooze consumes her, she floats in it holding her breath. She can feel it as she glides deeper and deeper into the ooze. The bottom never being reached. Her arms try to swim through the ooze but it's not very viscus. It's almost like water but lighter. Her breath runs out as her lungs starve of oxygen. Keeping her mouth shut as long as she can but biological needs win. Her mouth opens as the ooze begins to pour down her throat drowning her. Waking up she leans up as the blanket slides off her, she's back on the bridge. The movie stopped as just a white screen illuminates the dark room. 



“What was that dream and why did I start again. This…this one was different.”



Her pulse begins to slow as she feels her heart relax. Looking around she drinks the rest of her water before shutting the screen off, taking her pillow and blanket back to the bedroom. Crawling into bed she snuggles the blanket over her as she says,



“Goodnight Sam.”



The next few weeks are uneventful again but she did make some breakthrough with the plants. Holding her tablet up as she stands next to the greenhouse shelves. She hits record,



“Day 134. I have managed to grow one food plant with my waste mixture. My rations are running low as I have started to ration my rations. My body has lost alot of weight but thankfully I was able to salvage the cycle on the bridge. I have plenty of water, it's the food that's the issue. The air plants are thriving as I have been able to reduce the number needed to maintain levels. I have shut off and sealed parts of the ship. To help reduce the air required. It has benefitted me as I use the extra soil for the food plants. I either have to become a farm animal or find some alternatives to my own soils waste.”



Leaving the greenhouse and back to the kitchen she logs in the record what is left,



“I have two cans of mystery and three packages of dehydrated meals. Water supply is still holding steady, hot water however still not an option. It seems in space, cold is the new hot. I do my best to avoid this room as it doesn’t help whatever mental state I have left inside me. I am still approximately still 143 days away from the Excelsior is supposed to be.”



Leaning in the doorway of the kitchen she stares down at the tablet hanging off her pant belt loop. Her body has lost so much of its mass her bones are showing at her ribs; her hips have shrunk and most of the clothing she wears is now very loose on her. Her hair is so dirty and ragged that she has given up on months ago trying to keep it somewhat decent, so now she just wears it in a ponytail, but the hair has gotten so long that it’s starting to become a burden. She makes note of it in her log as she moves out of the doorway and to the bathroom.



“I don’t even know how long I have been in space since I left earth on this mission, but my hair is any indication I would say just over two years, the original mission was only supposed to be six months round trip. Do they even know I am alive? Have they sent anyone to look for me? It couldn’t have been that long, could it? I am now in the bathroom with a piece of sharp metal that I filed into a makeshift knife. Lisa please forgive me, I know you always liked it. But, I know that you will understand why I have to do this.”



The metal, cold and smooth. It’s around six inches long with a tapper to a point thats been sharpened on one side of it. The handle wrapped in bits of cloth she could find. It’s crude but effective. Her eyes meet her own as she stares into the repaired mirror. She found the biggest unbroken piece and secured it to a stand. The tablet propped up to act as a light source. 



“What’s behind those eyes. Who truly is Eve? Are you Eve? Am I?” Her eyes stare as they lock on the reflection in the mirror her hand with the makeshift knife raises up as the light from the tablet glints off it. 



She turns her head slighty, the ponytail flowing down her shoulder. The knife still in hand its sharp edge brushing along the hair as she sees it ripple under the strands. The cool metal brushes past her neck as she stops for a second. Hair in one hand, knife in other. Her eyes locked onto her own in the reflection. She stares deep into them, losing herself in them. The light static as it dimly illuminated the room around her. Her breathing slows as her grip on the knife tightens, closing her eyes she braces as a tear rolls down her face.



“I’m sorry Lisa.”



With a quick slash of the knife she did it, no return. Opening her eyes as the knife falls from her hand, the other hand lowers down as her eyes lower to meet it. Opening her palm the strands of hair fall loosely only the countertop. The knife clinks in the sink, her hands brace against the countertop as she lets out her breath finally. She doesn’t want to look, but she has to. Her eye look up slowly as her reflection comes into view, turning her head side to side slowly the hair she had now missing, replaced with a much shorter version. Her hand reaching up as she feels the back of her own head. The missing hair feels so foreign to her, the reflection in the mirror a different person. Leaning back up she takes a step back as she looks down at her arms and legs, lifting her arms next to check. She has gone so long without any self care, its always been one thing to the next. Her eyes glace down at knife as it lays in the sink, it’s metal barely glinting off the dim lighting. Her hand reaches down, grasping it again. 



The blade in her hand as she brings it to her free arm, the blade’s sharp edge pressing into her skin as she keeps pressing it. The pain slowly turns to pleasure, the knife pushes slightly harder, feeling the pinch of the blade against her skin she looks up from her arm to her reflection again.



“Who am I? Who are you?”



The knife is held in place against her skin as her face leans closer and closer to the mirror. Her dirty face, her bloodshot eyes, the now empty place that once had hair gone, her head tilts down as she pulls the knife away from her skin as she tosses it back into the sink. Stepping back till she hits the wall, she slides down it as she begins to sob. Her face buried in her knees as she brings her legs in close, her hands wrapped behind her head, curling into a small as possible ball her tears flow freely,



“I need help, I can’t do this. I pushed and pushed, my limits. What limits? What are those? Lisa…oh Lisa. My love, my darling. Your little bunny has lost its way. Your bunny is drifting alone, dying alone. I don’t even recognize myself in the mirror, would you ever? Would you turn away from me, I am useless. Look at me, I can’t even survive on my own. No matter what, I always need help. I was never enough, not able to go all the way. I wanted to prove something, prove that I can do it on my own. You fought with me every step of the way, everyday leading to the mission you reminded me that I didn’t have to prove anything to her, to anyone. She saw the good in me…”



Eve slams her fists down on the ground over and over again. Her words grow louder and louder,



“You, you did this. It was you!”



Eve looks up and points at the mirror, she quickly stands up as she gets face to face with her own reflection,



“This was all your fault! You wanted to prove you were this, BIG….BAD… woman. Yea well, look where it got you huh? Floating in the middle of a void, am I even real? Am I the reflection and you the true Eve?” her words spit like fire as the words and actions grow with more intensity. She paces around looking straight at the mirror when she speaks,



“But no! I had to go all by my lonesome. Prove that I can handle it. Prove that I am strong enough. Well, fuck you and fuck everyone else. Look how far I made it hmmm?”



She begins to laugh as she mocks her own reflection,



“Look at you, see how weak and frail you are. You couldn’t of done that. I did that, your the weak version. I am the strong. I am the Alpha and Omega. You, you stay trapped. Hiding. Being a scarred little girl like you always were. Let me do what you couldn’t.”



Her hand reaches for the knife blade as her eyes dart for it,



“Oh, now you want to resist. You know what I meant didn’t you. Do what you couldn’t do.” her face with big grin as she looks at her own reflection in her peripheral vision. The mirror reflection shows a more innocent look, while the person with a grin and wicked eyes. Her right hand grasps the knifes handle while her left wraps around the right wrist.



The person looking into the mirror speaks, “Why keep fighting? I can end it for you. Let me end the pain and suffering. You can rejoin Lisa again. Don’t you want that. To be with Lisa again. To have her there to protect you, you weak frail girl.”



She distracts her mirror self long enough for her to get the knife to her throat but the left hand resist as it shakes trying to hold the knife back, a small drop of blood flows from the edge as she feels the wet drop slowly fall down her dirty skin. 



She looks into the mirror as the reflection speaks, “You’re right, I am scared. I am very scared. But, I can’t give up, not yet. Not for us. She needs me back home. I left her alone, she didn’t want me to go. But, she knew the risks, I knew the risks.”



The person looking into the mirror chuckles as the movement causes the knife to move slighty as it digs just a hair deeper into her neck.

“Look at you, your quaking. Your strength won’t hold out, I should know. I am you. Once your arm gives out the knife will do its job, all I have to do is wait, wait for you to fail like always. No one to save you this time, not even your own self wants to save you.”



The reflection shows one tear falls from her left eye as it closes, the right with a more wicked stare into the mirror. She feels the knife slowly start to pull away as she forces it back to her neck, “Oh, nice try there. But, if thats all you have left why keep going? Why keep fighting? Let me end it now, I can make all the pain go away.”



The knife wiggles against her neck, the left hand losing its grip and strength. She’s right, she could end it right here right now. Make all the pain go away. It would be so easy, she wouldn’t even have to do it. She can do what she always has done, let someone else do it for her. Both her eyes close as the grip on her wrist loosens, the knife begins to dig into her skin. The pain shoots up to her brain as she feels a very sharp pinch on her neck as the blade begins to slice into the skin.



“There you go. Let me do it for you, do what your so weak to do yourself.” a smile slowly forms across her mouth, her left hand falls away to her side. Taking a deep breath and slowly letting it out, she nods then tilts her head back slightly. She won’t look at the reflection, the satisfaction she will get from it. Her memories slowly begin to flood into her mind, happier times. Back on earth, the job she had, the life she had growing up. All was handed to her, she was given everything. Even Lisa, was given to her. Lisa gave her own self to Eve, she coulnd’t even find love on her own. Someone else had to give that too. Maybe she was right, maybe it would be best to end it now. End the pain, shes made it this far. 



She chuckles to herself as her head tilts back down, the knifes edge still to her throat. Her eyes open staring back at herself, the reflection with a slight smile. “It’s funny really. I made it this far but no one will ever know. All the logs, the memories. All lost to the void of space, my mission to prove something wasn’t a failure. I did prove myself, I proved to myself that I need help. I can’t do it alone. It was Sam that got me to this point. Now he is gone, and now my own mind created a personality to protect myself. You are right, I am weak. But I am not a failure. If I give up now, if…” tears stream down her face as the knife falls into the sink her hands grasp the edge of the counter as she cries out tears, the reflection showing reality as the personality as vanished.



Wiping her nose as she sniffles, “If I give up now then everyone who has helped me to this point was for nothing.”



Picking up the tablet as she shuts the light off on it, she walks out of the bathroom, her eyes scanning around the hall. Making her way to each room her eyes see everything in a new light. Her final destination is the bridge, standing in the center. Her gaze out the main screen, the pure void of black on all sides. No ship, no stars, nothing. Sighing as she clutches her fist to her heart. “144 days. Don’t give up on me now.”



The lights on the ship power on as she hears her own voice over a speaker in her bedroom, “Good Morning Dr. Jones. It is currently 8:00am.” soon the voice stops as the alarm starts to play. Eve slowly rolls over as her hand swings through the air knocking the speaker to the ground along with the tablet. The noise knocks her out of the dreamstate as she flips over and looks over the side of the bed, the speaker broke into several pieces, the tablet no worse for wear. Leaning down to picks up the tablet and turns the alarm off. One by one she picks up the couple pieces of the speaker, “Eve and her gorilla arms.” musing to herself as she chuckles slightly, “I need to stop watching planet of the apes.”



Tossing the pieces onto her bed she stands up, the blanket falling partly to the ground as it slides off her naked body. Walking over to her closet she opens it and picks some random pants and a shirt. All her underwear and bras have deteriorated beyond repair. Her body is like a twig now as all her bones are visible across her body. A slightly breeze would knock her over at this point. The pants don’t stay on her body as they just fall right down. Looking down and picking them up, next to her hanging over the back of the chair is her belt made wiring from the ship. Pulling it through the loops as she sinches it tight, tying it into a simple knot the pants sag slighty. She jumps up and down on her heels as the pants move up and down but stay in place for the most part.



Finished with herself and getting the tablet, attaching it to her pants. Her pants slide past whatever hips are left and fall to the ground, the tablet making a loud clunk as it drops to the ground rapidly. Eve looks down at the pants now on the floor again. “Well, shit. I never had an ass to begin with and now this is ridiculous. Well looks like I am going pantless for awhile till I can figure out a solution. Thankfully my shirts drown my body and hang almost to my knees.”



Picking up the tablet as she unhooks it from her pants, leaving them on the ground her next stop is the daily update route. Tapping on the screen she turns the tablet fully out of low power mode. She created a custom UI for it now, she has named the new UI, H.O.M.E or the Hope Offers Myself Encouragement. She wrote and locked a letter she wrote for Lisa on it, she will deliver it personally to her when she gets back home. Her hands glide across the bezel around the screen, the cool metal dented and scratched with the abuse it has taken. The piece of tape across the logo with the letters S.A.M marred and dirty. Looking up from the tablet she finds herself standing in the middle of the hallway, her eyes dart around as she takes a deep breath, slowly releasing it.



She begins her recording,



“Day 240, It has been a very long journey to this point. The food plants have been successful, due to the loss in weight and the rationing I have been able to survive off of five plants a day. I cut back on a couple of the air plants to give more to the food ones, the past month has been a test as adjusting to the lower oxygen levels have made me more tired. My thoughts wander moment to moment, sometimes I wonder if I am sleepwalking or am I really awake. The days blend together now, I don’t even know when I fall asleep anymore. The test speaker was a success but the poor construction of it and laws of physics…mostly the physics…yea…my construction was flawless? Wait, what was I talking about. My mind slipped…I think….was I doing something? Oh right, I watched this movie the other night. I think it was called…called….you know what I forgot. It involved some monkeys or something. The speaker was a success though, hearing my own voice is something interesting. I might try to modulate the voice file to see if I can change it slighty, hearing my own chipper voice. Eerie.”



Looking up from the tablet she didn’t know she was looking at it as her mind processes the information around her. Her skin feels cold but she’s always cold. Her stomach hurts, her stomach always hurts. Sleep? What’s that? What’s anything anymore?



Blinking her eyes slowly as the tablet lowers to her side in her hand. The lights dim as the blackness in her vision like a tunnel, seeing through someone elses. A window. Walking someone else’s footsteps. Her touch not hers. Her thoughts not hers. Her body? Spirit? Soul? What makes her, her. She’s standing in the middle of the kitchen, looking down on the table. A lone candy bar. Sitting there. Tempting her.



Her nose sniffs the air, lowering down to the ground she bends at the knees. Squatting down to eye level of the table, her eyes peek over the top as she slowly rises, only stopping once the bar is in view. One hand slowly inches up over the edge, sliding across the smooth metal surface of the table. Her fingers lightly graze the bar as it shifts slighty, pulling her hand back quickly and ducking under the table. Once the coast is clear she comes out from under the table, her arms hugging the small leg of the table. Her head lifts up, her eyes just peaking over the edge of the table.



“Shh…shhh….” her hand is brought to her mouth, her tounge sticking slowly past her parched lips. Coating her lips as she wipes her tounge across them, feeling the skin crack and flake off. The taste of dirt and grime fills her taste buds, she continues as her tounge starts to lick her own hand. Her eyes rolling into the back of her head as her tounge licks and slobbers over her own hand, soon her mouth opens as her eyes stay locked on the candy bar. The inside skin between the thumb and pointer prime choice for her, her tounge flicks up and down over her skin. The taste of sweat and dirt filling her mouth with joy. The candy bar shifts as the wrapper slowly begins to peel back. Her eyes move to follow the wrapper, underneath its glossy exterior the sweet brown center peaks through. Her eyes lock to it, her heart begins to race. Her hand buries deeper into her mouth as her teeth slowly bite down into her skin. The candy bar is halfway unwrapped when she sees it move and rock back and forth. Her hand releases from her mouth as her attention has shifted, her head tilting as two tiny little chocolate arms pop out of the sides of the exposed bar. Her hand reaching for it before she hears a neutral toned voice neither male or female. 



“Hey, no touching. You can look, but no fingerprints.” She looks around for the origin of the voice as she slowly stands up. Sniffing the air she turns to face the doorway. The voice is heard again, “No, down here Eve. I know you have been wanting this. I think you earned it.”



Her head slowly turns to look back over her shoulder towards the table, her body joins as it spins. Facing the table her eyes looking at the bar on the table, its now sprouted legs as she squats down again to eye level of the table. She watches carefully, the little bar pushing it’s self up and onto its feet. It’s back to her, well the top of the bar. Is that the back or front she wonders to herself. The ripples of chocolate that cooled on the surface. The wrapper halfway down the bar, it splits into two halves like a banana peel. The top of the bar turns as two little brown chocolate eyes emerge from the bar, followed by a mouth. It looks up at Eve as it winks to her, its two little chocolate arms holding up the peeled wrapper. 



Eve gets closer and closer, slowly inching across the table. The little candy bar begins to slowly move what would be where its hips are back and forth, the wrapped being slowly peeling down as the bar bends forwards showing Eve underneath it’s chocolate. Each half of the wrapper falling slowly to the table as the bar now fully unwrapped slowly turns to face Eve. It’s little legs barely able to keep it up, the bottom of the bar drags behind it as it leans down, the top of its head pointing to her mouth as the mouth opens slowly on it’s own. Her tounge sliding out offering the bar a ramp into her mouth. Crawling on its hands and knees now, reaching her tounge. She feels each tiny little hand press or knee press into her tounge. Slowly it climbs up its bottom of the bar pressing into her as it goes into her mouth. The taste of chocolate is felt as it melts across her tounge. The bar fully inside her mouth now as she closes her mouth she begins to salivate more as some brown saliva drips from the corner of her mouth. 



Her mouth chewing and tasting each bit of it, it’s old and stale. The texture is like chalk. But it’s the best chalk she’s ever had. Each swallow is met with a smile, a taste of home in her mouth, then her throat, then her stomach. With that the bar is gone. Licking her fingers clean she pats her belly. Walking out of the kitchen and down the hall to the bridge again she leaves the tablet behind. Feeling satisfied her mind clears, sitting in her chair taking in the sights of the bridge. The noises of the ship second nature to her, she has to focus to hear each sound. The way the panels light up randomly, the little beeps and boops as the systems run. The creaking of the ships walls as it floats endlessly in the void, the life support systems kicking in as the breeze is felt across her body from above her the vent, the air flows like a waterfall over her. 



As she stands there her head tilted up towards the vent, her arms out straight she lets herself go, her mind blanks taking in the surroundings. The air grows heavy with each breath, the coarse carpet of the bridge rough on her bare feet. Twisting her body she begins to slowly spin in place, letting her arms cut through the air as she feels it brush past her skin. She is brought back by a beeping from her monitor, turning to face it, bending at her waist swings the monitor arm over to her. Checking what was causing the noise her eyes widen and then her head whips behind her soon her body following. Rushing towards the main screen she can make out a small pin of light ahead. Looking down she uses the navigation computer checking the sensor logs, rechecking, triple checking. She wipes her eyes looking up again her eyes focus in the void ahead of her seeing the small pinpoint of light.



Her eyes narrow as a smirk plays at the corner of her lips, “Excelsior, I have arrived.”



She begins the procedures of establishing communication with the vessel. Tapping on the screen she opens up commutation on the monitor, 

 

“This is the UNP Vessel Bunny, Excelsior please respond.” her eyes look at the monitor glued to the open signal blinking. She speaks again, “This is the UNP Vessel Bunny, I am here on a rescue mission, we have lost contact with your ship. Excelsior, please respond.”



While she waits for a response, she puts the message on repeat and to broadcast on all known frequencies. Looking up from the monitor at the pinpoint of light. “Few more days.”



For the next few days she barely leaves the bridge, bringing her blanket and pillows onto the bridge, her new home is now the bridge. Only leaving to relieve herself in the greenhouse or to the kitchen for water. The first day was fine, but the second day she dragged her mattress from off her bed and through the halls. Took her most of the day that day. The third day her eyes never left the monitor till she finally passes out after the third day awake even though she brought her stuff out, her eyes closed but her mind never shuts off. She doesn’t dream, she doesn’t feel. She has no self-thoughts, only robotic, preprogrammed. Getting to the Excelsior. Her only goal right now, to make it, to survive. Promised answers lie on that ship.



At the end of the third day, lays on her back on the mattress. Her eyes open as the pillow sits under her head, the blanket pulled up to her chin. Her arms to her sides, her gaze fixed straight ahead as she stares at the ceiling. Thoughts play through her mind of what she may find less than 24 hours to go till she arrives. 



The time slips past her like normal, never moving from her spot the alarm on her tablet goes off for 8 am. Sitting up as the blanket falls and pools in her lap. Grabbing the tablet that’s next to her and shutting the alarm off, she never slept as usual. Standing up and stepping off the mattress she walks over to the navigation computer, the pin of light never growing closer in these few days. But the computer shows an object getting closer. Rechecking the results they show the same each time, but her eyes show a different result. She wants to voice her concerns but she knows its futile. She’s speaking to no one. No one to hear her words, her concerns. She exist?



Ignoring whatever conflict between her eyes and the scans show she stares up at the pin point of light. She doesn’t move her head for hours, every muscle in her body stiff from not moving. Fighting through the pain her eyes never lose sight of the goal. Her lips start to dry up as her mouth is wide open, her eyes glaze over. Her head tilting to the side. Catching herself she shakes her head and then slaps her face a couple times to wake up. Checking the monitor, it shows the object still getting closer. But her eyes still see a small pinpoint of light ahead. 



She tries to move her body but stilling still for that long has caused her muscles to tense up. Standing up she feels her body trying to rip itself apart as some of her muscles want to contract other want to relax. Her body contorts as she stands, her spine cracks as she leans up straight. Looking around for her tablet she finds it on the mattress where she left it. Walking over to it as she squats down to pick it up with both hands she stares at the screen as her eyes widen again. She sees a message,



“Hello Dr. Jones. I have been waiting for your arrival for a long time. We will finally get to meet in person.” shaking the tablet as she yells out, “Sam? SAM? SAM?!?!” but she gets no response. The message just sits there overlaid across the screen almost as it’s burnt into the screen. She wants to cry but her body barely has enough water in it for itself. She has plenty of water, but each drop feels like acid as she drinks it. It’s been days since she’s had anything to drink. 



Her eyes narrow, “If you think you can leave me again, you have another time coming to you Sam.” she continues to shake the tablet out of frustration before she tosses it across the room behind her. She hears glass break and then a metal object clink around a few times before stopping. She turns slowly to face behind her, seeing on the ground the tablet with shards of glass scattered about. She gasps, diving towards that direction she holds the tablet to her chest, the broken shards of glass cutting her delicate skin as she swings back and forth clutching it tightly. 



“No, no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no….” is all she can get out repeating over and over again she she clutches the tablet to her chest, her body shaking violently as her eyes and vision shakes. Soon her saddness turns more and more into more happy as her eyes open, her mouth smirks. Her body stops shaking, she stops swinging. Pulling the tablet away from her chest, blood covers parts of it as small pieces of her are left on whats left of the screen. Setting it down on the ground she slowly stands up to her feet, her arms dangle at her sides. She leans forward as her legs dont want to move, catching herself she unrelaxs her arms, taking each hand as she grips each ankle with a hand as she is bent at the waist. She pulls up on one ankle moving her leg, then the next. One by one each step she has to force her legs to move. Making it to her chair, spinning and then sqautting down, her hands releasing from her ankles. Sitting in the chair her eyes glace over to the tablet laying on the ground next to the shards of glass, her chest with cut marks across it with thin lines of blood seeping out of them and down her body.



Her fingers glide over her chest, her eyes locked to the tablet. The monitor connected to the arm of the chair makes a beeping sound. Her eyes dart to it swinging it to her. On one hand her fingers are covered in bits of dried blood from her chest as she checks what caused the noise. The object is directly in front of her, approximately 1000 meters ahead. She has no way to stop or slow down, as the object reachs 900 meters….800…..700…600….550….475…300…275.



At the 250 meter mark she feels her ship shake slighty as it gets pulled closer to the ship, ahead of her the main screen still showing just a pinpoint of light. Behind her on the tactical station she hears beeping, getting up to investigate it. Scanning the screens she spots a blinking red icon, she taps it to see the ship is being pulled in by the Excelsior, “A gravity beam? Those were only theoretical. We did small scale tests in a lab but nothing on this scale.”



Her curiosty starts to fill her mind, pushing away the other thoughts. Her focus shifts more into her training and job, her eyes dart across the screen. She intiates a scan of the vessel. No life signs. She feels the ship shake and come to a stop as the screen shows she is docked in one of the access ports. She has arrived.



She looks at the main screen, but it shows nothing but the pinpoint of light. The scans show she is docked with the Excelsior. But by who or what? She has one choice, to enter inside the Excelsior. Stepping away from the panel, she turns to leave the bridge. Her footsteps feel heavy, she feels something inside her, something she hasn’t felt in a long time out here. Happiness and Fear. Her instincts tell her not to go, to stay on the ship. But her curiosity outweighs that desire. She must finish her mission, she must have answers.



Reaching her own main airlock, she uses the panel next to the door to repressurize the room. It was one of the rooms she cut off from the ship to help conserve air and power. Standing there her face pressed against the cold glass looking into the dark room of the airlock. Her shirt drapes down her body, her bare feet pressed into the cold metal floor lifting her up to get a better view. The lights in the room slowly begin to brighten as the darkness gets pushed out and replaced with light. As the lights brighten more of the room she spots something inside the room, as more of it gets revealed by the lights her face is one with horror across it. She sees the entity floating there in the middle of the room. She jumps when the door opens in front of her, her back against the wall across the doorway. Her eyes looking ahead at the floating swirling void. It never moves, just floating in place. She swallows, pushing herself off from the wall and into the main airlock. Her eyes never leave it as she walks in, her suit still laying across the ground from the last time she was out there, barely making it alive. 



The swirling void hovers above it, silent. She gets closer, stepping inch by inchs before lowering her body enough to quickly snatch it before stepping back. Suit in both hands her eyes staying fixed on the swirling void, she puts one leg in at a time before pulling it up her body. Sliding her arms into the suit and zipping it up the front sealing it. Her eyes dart quickly from spot to spot looking for her helmet. Spotting it against the wall to her right so begins to sidestep towards it, keeping her front and eyes facing the void. Her foot kicks it as she takes just a moment to bend down, blindly reaching around the ground before grasping it. Then side stepping to the left to the other side of the room to grab the last air canister. Hooking it to only one of the air ports on the helmet she slides it over her head and secures it in place. 



Turning the air on the suit expands slightly as she begins to breath the air. Checking her suit blindly as she feels around her body, her body swims inside due to all the weight loss. Like a kid wearing their parents clothes as it hangs off her body. Walking closer to it her eyes still locked onto it.



“I am ready.” her mouth opens as the words leave her parched lips.



The entity slowly floats backwards away from her and towards the door, the other side the Excelsior. Or hopefully is the Excelsior. Phasing through the door before she hears air escaping the room and entering the path between the two ships. The lights on the bridge begin to light up starting from her side and working their way down to the end, the entity floats through the next door. She walks through the brightly lit hall, her eyes blinded by it as she puts her arm up to help block the light. Reaching the door she lowers her arm, next to the door is a panel. The screen showing a number pad with a blank line across the screen. Lifting her hand up as she extends one finger out, pressing each key using her codes. The door opens as the air releases and sucks into the ship before equalizing. 



Only opening slightly she sticks her hand into the small gap before opening it up, inside is pitch black. Her foot steps through the threshold followed by the other, she enters the void as the door closes behind her. As it latches close she jumps slightly, the light fading away as she stands there in pure darkness. She calls out, “Hello?”



Her voice echos in her helmet, she checks the screen on her arm. All the levels seem fine, air, heat, no toxins. It’s clean, pristine. Untouched. Her arms reach up as they unlock the latches to her helmet one by one, taking a deep breath at the same time pulling the helmet off. She waits a moment before releasing the air from her lungs. Then she takes a slow breath in as she realizes the air is fine. Sighing with relief she puts the helmet under her arm as she looks around the only light from the suit but not enough to see, she holds one hand to her mouth as she yells, “Hello?”



She listens as her voice echos in the darkness, she yells again. “Hello! This is Eve Jones, UNP Diplomatic Alien Relations. I have come from Earth on the UNP Vessel Bunny. I was sent by the UNP to investigate the disappearance of this ship.” 



Her words echo around her but no response. Sighing she lifts one arm while the other still grasps onto the helmet, using her arm as a guide she walks very slowly. Taking very slow and shallow steps, her arm blinding feeling around in the dark. Her eyes try to see but nothing but black fills her face. No sounds, no lights, no signs of life. The place is void of anything. Her mind focuses on the task, she has to find the bridge. Find out what happened.



Shuffling around in the dark she has no idea where she is, the ship was never built according to all the data before she left, as she wanders around in the dark thoughts of the day she left flood in to occupy her time.



“Hey Eve!” Lisa says as she jogs over to Eve. Standing there in her suit outside the craft on the launch pad. Out of breath she puts her hand on Eve’s shoulder. Eve chuckles helping Lisa up. “Lisa, what are you doing here? I am about to launch in 15 minutes.” Eve asks as Lisa finally catches her breath. 



“Man, that was a jog. The guy wasn’t happy about it but I gave him the look.” Lisa smiles pointing to her eyes.



Eve smiles wide, her eyes light up with joy. “I am glad you came to see me off. I will be back in six months. My side of the bed won’t even get cold before I get back. You won’t even know I am gone. When I get back, I do have a surprise for you.”



Lisa’s eyes widen as she has the look on her face, she lowers down and then strikes at Eve’s sides trying to tickle her through the suit but Eve laughs. “Haha, your trick won’t work on me silly woman! I have tickle armor.” 



Lisa straightens up as she walks closer to Eve, she stands slightly above Eve looking down with that grin. Her hands each gently grasp Eve’s shoulders before leaning in and giving her a kiss on the cheek. Then leaning closer to her ear, “Well, you won’t always have the armor on. You look better without anything.” 



Eve’s face turns bright red as she punches Lisa in the arm, “Hey, they can hear you. Open mic. Standard procedure.” 



Lisa just stands there hands at her hips laughing, “Let them hear. They don’t get to see what I see or hear what I hear from that mouth of yours.” Eve’s face even brighter red. Lisa sees it and then giggles, “Now, go get on. Come back quickly your hear me. Six months is a long time without….” her eyes dart up and down Eve’s body before she winks and turns around. As she walks away she makes sure to swing her ass side to side to give Eve a good show. Her hand raises as she waves, “I love you Eve. See you in a few months.”



That was the last time she saw or spoke to Lisa. The darkness around her, as feel stumbles around like a blind person. The only sounds from her feet shuffling across the metal floor. Her hand guides along the wall to her right, around corners. In her head she starts to paint a map of the place. She has no idea how long she has been wandering around in the pitch black. But each step is another section on her metal map. Counting each step between corners, between walls. But through all the wandering around she has yet to find a door. Only an endless hallways, endless smooth walls. Endless smooth metal flooring, endless sounds of her footsteps. Her legs on fire as she continues along the wall, now bracing her shoulder against it. Her mind still counting each step, but each one grows longer between. Finally her body gives out as it crumples to the ground. Her helmet still in her arm as she moves it to her lap. Sitting on the ground her back against the wall, her legs outstretched forwards.



Her fear is fading, shifting into more acceptance. Looking down she can’t even see her own body. The darkness covering all, the lights on the suit lost power sometime back and she never noticed it, her thoughts focused on navigating the darkness. She goes over the mental map in her head, retracing every step. “I can’t be going in circles, can I?” her words whisper as they leave her lips. 



“I’m so tired, hungry, thirsty. I don’t have anything left to give. I have given everything. I am nothing but a skeleton. I can’t tell what is real anymore. I have no thoughts, they are blank. I have to force myself to even think about moving my legs, my arms, my hands.” She lifts each leg and arm one by one as she speaks about them.



Taking a moment to rest she lets out a sigh, spinning her body onto her knees, one hand with the helmet, the other planted on the ground as she stands up moving her hand to the wall to steady her jelly legs. As she stands there she feels the air around her get hotter and hotter. Her body sweats beads into her suit, squatting down very slowly she sets her helmet down. Then grasping at the zipper of her suit, pulling on it breaking the seal as the zipper glides down it just falls off her before she can even finish unzipping it. Stepping out of it she kicks it away from her. Leaving the suit and helmet on the ground she is only wearing a tee-shirt. Her bare feet press into the cold metal floor as her hands slide along the smooth metal surface of the wall. 



Wandering around her mental map growing as she recounts her steps before her foot hits something hard. Squatting down using the wall to help guide her she blindly reaches around to feel something smooth and round. Reaching with both hands she grasps the object before her heart sinks in her chest. It’s her helmet. 



“But how? I counted my steps, even if I was going in circles I shouldn’t be right back here yet. What is going on.”



Out of anger she throws the helmet into the darkness in front of her as she leans over and belts out a loud scream. “AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH” 



She screams and screams until the air in her lungs gives out and she stops, grasping her thighs as she catches her breath. She hears the helmet scrape across the ground as it flies through the darkness back at her, not being able to avoid it due to the darkness it hits her right in the ankles as she drops to her knees in pain. Her fists pound the ground, “Fine. You want to play games. Lets play a game. Show yourself. Stop being a pussy. I’m done being scared.” she pounds her fists more on the ground. 



“I am done needing help, I will stand on my own two feet. I will face you head on. I have nothing left, you have nothing left to take. You taken it all from me already. Just kill me or let me go home already.”



Her fists begin to feel the pain as she continues to pound the ground, her eyes shut tight as shuffling is heard approaching her from the front. Her ears perk up as the shuffling is right in front of her, she stops pounding her fists as she lunges forwards grasping at whatever is there but she catches nothing and falls straight on her face. She slides across the floor a few feet before getting to her feet again. She raises her fists up, “Fight me like a man. You want me, show yourself.” she starts to punch the air wildly each one more weaker than the last as her left fist connects with one of the walls she pulls it back. Wincing in pain she rubs her hand with the other. Hearing the shuffling behind her she turns quickly and jumps that way, she grabs nothing trying to catch herself she slams into the other wall.



Each noise she leaps at, always catching nothing. Not giving up she continues her advance towards the sounds, her ears listening for the slightest sound as she walks forwards through the darkness, her arms in front of her. Each step is calculated, pressing gently into the floor with her bare foot before stepping with the next. Her breathing slows to minimize the sounds she can hear, the very air around her still. Her ears constantly on alert for any sound, when she hears one no hesitation, instantly lunging towards it. As she walks through the darkness her anger slowly fades her steps becoming heavier. 



Her shoulders slump down almost defeated, shuffling through the darkness noises around her as her ears perk up. Lifting her head and shoulders back up turns her head as she comes to stop. Listening for the sound the noises are different, almost mechanical. Taking slow breaths her ears try to pin point the location of the sounds. They sound like they are coming all around her, almost…through the walls as she steps closer to the right, her ear pressing against the wall. 



Thump. Thump.

A moment of silence.

Thump. Thump.



She feels around the wall using her hands as her eyes, the walls smooth and metal. No bumps or seams, “How have I not noticed this.” Her words whisper to herself as she switches ears, moving more around she hears the sounds stop. Staying still for a moment she hears another sound, “Sounds like something energizing or gathering some sort of power. But what was that other sound. Are they related?” A few minutes pass as no more noises are heard from beyond the wall. Stepping back from it shaking her head, she forgot to be scared. Her curiosity got the better of her. “Does this mean someone or something is here? What was that noise? It sounded mechanical, gears? Engine?”



Her curiosity not satisfied she walks back to the wall and sits down in front of it, turning onto her side as she leans her ear against the wall. Closing her eyes as she rests her hands in her lap, her left hand resting in her right as she rubs it slowly. 



Her eyes open around her she is floating through space, around her lights illumate clouds of particles around her. Each burst like a firework exploding into the air. Each burst of light only appearing at she floats forwards. Her mouths opens as no words escape it, closing her mouth she smiles. She doesn’t feel scared, she feels warm. Comforting. Invited. Her body floats endlessly like floating on the surface of a slow river. Closing her eyes she can feel each pulse as it enters her body. It starts at her feet, slowly like a massage it flows up each leg. Moving across her hips, splitting into several lines of light up her body two in back, two in front and one up each of her sides, they converge together at her neck forming a collar around it. 



A warming sensation starts to emanate from the collar before it moves up following the contours of her face as it exits up and off her floating up, spinning and spinning. Faster, faster. The light changes and shifts to colors of white then yellow then red then blue, it repeats those colors, the ring expands more and more till it snaps and sends a shower of sparks across her like glitter. Her hands opens as a spark lands gently on her palm, bringing it closer to her eyes. She watches as it shimmers and sparkles as its color never stays still always blending into the next one. The tiny spark fades away as it melts into her hand as passes through it falling down into the void thats below her. Her eyes open wide in panic. The void looks like something she saw…..



Her mouth opens as she awakens on a white sterlie bed, the room light by a single light in the center of the ceiling. She’s wearing a medical gown as her head is pounding as it pulses with each heart beat. Her eyes slowly adjust as she lowers her eye lids to help block out the light. As her eyes adjust she looks around, the walls and floor white. The ceiling white. The bed stiff as a board, leaning up and sitting on the edge of the bed she wiggles her toes and then stretchs her body. Her hands run down the gown in front of her as she now realizes she is wearing a hospital gown. Looking around the rest of the room it’s empty, just the bed and light. To her left is the door, its got no handle on it, no keypad. 



Slowly she lowers one foot at a time, the cool tiled floor send a shiver up her spine before setting the other down. Standing slowly her body aches as she tries to push past the stiff joints. Shuffling over to the door she runs her hand over it, feeling for anything. Spotting nothing and feeling just as much. Stepping back she wants to scream for help. Her thoughts get the better of her closing her mouth and taking deep breaths. Looking around and under the bed there is nothing useful, making her way back to the bed as she sits on the side of it. Laying down onto her back, her arms folding over her chest. She watches as her hands slowly rise and fall with each breath she takes in, filling her lungs. Then releasing it as they fall again, her mind blanks as she just lays there watching her hands rise and fall.



Click.



Her head turns quickly to face the door as it opens slightly, leaning up her eyes stare at it. Standing to her feet she makes her way over to the door her fingers just grabbing the door and pulling it open. Poking her head out into the pure white halls they are empty, silent. Looking her head down at the ground she spots a pair of clothes folded in a pile outside her door. Squatting down she slides them into her room, she stands in the doorway as her head pokes out to look. The halls still silent and empty. The clothes are a pair of shoes, socks, blue jeans and a basic white tshirt. Putting each one the article of clothing on she makes sure to keep her eyes and ears on alert. Finished dressing the clothes fit her skeleton body nicely she looks down and sees that her breasts have shrunk by alot as her hand glides down the front of her shirt she slumps her shoulders, with the shirt just two barely visible bumps are seen. 



Tossing the hospital gown onto the bed, Eve wanders back out into the hallway. “Left or right?” she muses to herself as she brings a hand to her chin tapping it with a finger. Taking one more look to the left its an endless white walls, floor and ceiling with lights spaced apart illumating the white hall. To her right much the same, no doors, no signs of life. She makes up her mind as she goes to the right, staying close to the wall as her shoes squeak slightly on the glossy floor. The feeling of fresh clothes on her skin isn’t lost on her, she wishes to just cuddle with a book and a glass of wine right now, “Maybe, instead of the book it’s Lisa.” she smirks to herself. 



The hall is endless as the walls are smooth and metal, her hand memory triggers in her mind her head turns to face her hand thats gently sliding across the smooth wall. Her footsteps slow as she stands there staring at the wall. “It’s smooth. Like before when I was in darkness. Is this the same hallway? But how, I remember turning. I would think I would remember feeling a door too. Am I still on the Excelsior? Who or what put me in that room? So many questions, but no answers.”



Her hand staying on the wall as her head turns left to look down the hall, its an endless wall of white. To her right the same, except for the doorway that cuts the white and sticks out like a sore thumb. She turns to the left as continues walking down, the same questions floating around in her head as she examines with her eyes. 



Her foot stops mid step as she sets it down, her head turns to look at the wall. Her hand feels a slight vibration in the wall, ahead of her she hears a noise.



Thump. Thump.

A moment of silence.

Thump. Thump.



Her eyes widen, her heart begins to speed up. The sound slowly grows with each one made.



Thump. Thump.

A moment of silence.

Thump. Thump.



“H…hello?” She calls out but the sound just keeps growing more and more.



Thump. Thump.

Thump. Thump. Thump.

Thump. Thump. Whirl.

Thump. Thump.



Each thump growing louder and more heavy, her fear starts to swell inside her. She looks back as she starts to slowly back up. She hears the sound growing closer but she can’t see anything. She continues to back up slowly, the thumps are now felt in her feet as well her hand on the wall. 



Thump. Thump. Thump.



The thumps stop as she keeps her eyes and ears on alert, then to her left she hears a grinding noise on the otherside of the wall. Her head turns to look at the wall, the grinding continues. As her body turns to face the wall it bursts open as she ducks and jumps to her right. Sliding across the ground she looks up as she sits on her ass rubbing her left arm. An eight foot tall mechanical robot with glowing white eyes stare down at her. The ground under it covered in bits from the white wall. Gears whirl and spin as the robot turns to face her, its right hand a saw blade the left two thick slabs of metal with a gear to close them. It stands there, the saw blade whirling away. It’s legs are two thick cube like design. It steps towards her.



Thump. Thump.

A moment of silence.



The gears spin as the robots saw starts to inch closer to her, her fear takes hold. She wants to run but her body isnt responding. “Fuck!” Raising her arms to attempt to block the robot it stops when she sees her helmet fly past her from behind the robot as it continues down the hall. Floating behind the robot is the entity. The robot leans up as it slowly turns, each step heavy as the ground shakes till it faces the entity. It begins floating backwards as the robot follows it. Her legs begin responding to her as she scrambles to her feet again and runs full speed down the hall to way she was orginally going. She runs and runs and run till she can’t run. Coming to a stop she leans against the wall looking down the hall she came from, no robot, no entity. 



Catching her breath she feels her lips even more cracked as her finger wipes the sweat from her face, pushing away from the wall she holds her sides as she walks down the hall continuing on. The environment unchanging as she wanders straightforward. Her eyes focus looking ahead she sees blackness. Keeping her focus on it as she approaches it she stands in front of it, lifting her hand she reaches towards it. Feeling a barrier her hand slides up and down what looks to be a glass wall. The otherside is pure void. She spins around as she hears a noise again.



Thump. Thump.



“Oh no…it’s back.” panic sets in her voice as it waviers up and down. Stepping back shes stopped by the glass wall preventing her from running. Turning around she starts to pound on the glass but it just resist her as her hand just bounces off of it. 



Thump. Thump.



She hears the sound getting closer again but she can’t see it. She remembers last time it came from the wall. Her eyes light up, “Thats it! Why am I so stupid.” 



Thump. Thump.

Whirl. Whirl.



Her head tilts to the side as her ear’s focus for the noise. To her right she hears some scratching, pushing off the glass wall she sprints back the way she came, the robot bursting through the wall as she dodges the ambush. The robots pincher just grabbing onto her the bottom of her shirt from behind as she tries to pull away the shirt rips freeing her. Sprinting full speed down the hall she fights through the pain, to her right ahead is the first hole. Looking behind her the robot can’t be seen. Trying to stop on a dim her shoes dig into the floor as she tumbles forwards and rolls across the ground. Getting to her knees and standing she rushes back for the hole. Not even checking she heads inside. Small lights line the inner walls like maintenance tunnels for the workers. Following the dimly lit lights of the tunnel she comes up to a grey metal door, placing her hand on the handle and pushing down the door unlocks and opens.



Walking through the door the lights automatically turn on one by one slowly illumining the room. Spotting several tables with chairs to match tucked under them. Then looking to the walls she sees signs and posters up, some menus for food. “This is a mess hall it seems like. But where is everyone?” she casually scans the posters, nothing of note. They display generic information like washing hands and to help prevent the spread of sickness. Menus of the meals for the day and broken down per week. Looking around she spots two big doors that look to lead into another hallway, next to it is a board filled with paper that’s been attached to it. Heading across the mess hall the place is silent, her shoes squeak slightly with each step. Grabbing one of the piece of paper from the board she looks at it, across it are strange symbols they almost resemble the English alphabet but make no sense. The symbol looks like an S but its straight lines and not curved, looking at the others all the same. The same letters in the same order. Folding the piece of paper and putting it into her jean front pocket she heads to the two big doors as she swings them open like saloon doors. 



“In another hallway. Great.” rubbing her forehead as she looks around, the hallway the same as the last. She decides to go left this time, walking through the hall it doesn’t seem as big or wide as the other one. Looking up if she jumped she might touch the ceiling. “No way he can fit here right? I mean what was that? Who built it and why? Why is it after me?” more questions again, but no answers.



Her curiosity spikes again when the walls of the hall change color from white a more yellowish color but as she walks through the hall, the walls get more and more yellow. Soon she sees doors start lining the hall on either side of her, checking each one but each time the door is locked. “No panel, no keyhole. Curious.” Each door she checks the same, locked with no visible way to unlock it. After a few dozen doors she tries the next one as it unlocks and opens. Inside a small room, yellow walls with plush yellow carpet. Walking inside the room is filled with objects from a kids room. Stuffed animals stacked in the corner of the bed, a small desk with a picture of two people and a small person between them drawn in yellow crayon. Walking over to the desk she picks up the picture before setting it down. 



Scanning the top of the desk it’s bare. The picture, one yellow crayon and a small yellow lamp that sits just above the picture. Flicking the light switch at the base of the lamp it turns on casting a dim yellow glow over the picture. Looking down she sees a forth person standing behind the other three. Picking the paper up and out of the light it vanishes. Curious, she slowly sticks the paper back under the light as it slowly reappears, not at once but slowly fading in. Turning the lamp off the person vanishes again. “I don’t understand.”



Her eyes are focused on the picture, her mind racing with thoughts. “But, what is happening. Why is there. Why only under the yellow light. And why is everything here yellow now.”



Looking around the room more she sees a small dresser, walking over to it she opens the top drawer. Empty. She tries the next. Empty again. Each one empty. Standing to her feet she scratches her head before walking over to the bed. Under the pile of stuffed animals she sees a small piece of paper. Pulling it out from under them the stack falls towards her, jumping slightly as they gently tumble for a second. Looking down at the paper in her hand she sees the same symbols. Leaning to pull the other piece of paper out she examines them side by side, it’s the same. Exact same. Same letters, same handwriting. Folding the first one back up and sliding it back into her pocket she sets the other down onto the bed. 



Before she stands up she spots an animal among the rest, grabbing the small tuff of fur she pulls it out as it dangles in front of her. Letting out a gasp as she tosses it across the room smacking into the desk and knocking over the lamp. “How…” she stands as she walks over to the desk laying across top of it, a white fluffly stuffed bunny with its left eye missing. “Snuffles? How did you get here? I lost you when I was a kid playing in the park. My mother said not to..” she picks up the bunny as she clutches it to her chest. “But you were my only friend. I couldn’t leave you behind like that. But it started to rain and my mother was calling for me, I panicked and left you there on the ground by accident. She wouldn’t let me go back, said I would catch a cold. I cried and cried for what seemed like days. I begged for her to take me back and she finally did but it was to late, you were already gone. She told me she would buy me a new one, but I didn’t want a new one. I wanted my friend…friend….” she lowers her arms with the bunny on her right.



“What friend would leave another one behind. A true friend would of remembered. A true friend wouldn’t have left me to die like I did to you.” raising her right hand she only sees an empty hand. Looking around and on the ground the bunny has vanished. Slumping her shoulder as she wipes a tear from her eye. “Only fair. I left you.” Standing up again she takes one final look around the room before leaving. Turning to the right she heads further down the yellow halls. The lights bright white as the yellow seems to be getting even brighter. Rasing her arm as the yellow is now blinding her she carefully steps fowards until she feels the ground get soft, birds begin to chip. The sound of water gently flowing. Lowering her arm she has to wipe her eyes and blink a few times. “Grass? Trees? Animals? A stream? Where did this come from?” 



She looks behind her to see the hall is gone, just endless green grass and trees that dot the landscape for as far as the eyes can see. Her attention turns back to the river. She rushes towards the sound, not even waiting she starts to pull her shirt off then kicks her shoes off and then hopping on one leg at time to pull the jeans off her. Falling to her ass she kicks them off, crawling at first then standing she jumps straight into the crystal-clear water. The cool water surrounds her as she begins to inhale the water, it’s refreshing, cool and crisp. She drinks and drinks till she can’t. Standing up she rubs her now slightly extended belly as she lets out a burp so loud that she instantly laughs and falls backwards into the water. Floating on the surface she lets the water carry her around the river seems to be an endless circle around a small island with a tree in the center of it.



But she doesn’t care, her only thoughts right now are of the cool water relaxing her body, the refreshing water across her parched lips and throat. Her belly so full of water that as she slightly bobs around in the water she can feel the liquid in her belly. As she lets out a big sigh she leans up as her top floats above the water, she stands there as her feet reach the bottom. The water just coming up to above her belly and under her breasts. She walks slowly towards the tree and up the river bank. She touches the tree as its coarse and rough bark scrap along her palm. The green leaves above her sway slightly as a gentle breeze blows across the grass like a wave then the waters as it slighly ripples across the surface. The breeze is warming as she looks up she can’t spot a sun. The whole sky is bright like the whole sky is the sun. Sitting down under the shade of the tree her legs crossed her arms resting on them as she picks at the grass in front of her.



Her gaze lifts to the water as she crawls fowards slightly, “I have to see.” Her head peaks over the water as she sees her reflection as it ripples slightly with the water. Her eyes sunken in, her cheeks and face skin so tight that you can see every outline of her skull. As she opens her mouth and rubs her face she looks like a skeleton wearing skin that’s too tight on her. “Gross to think about but how else would I describe it to someone.” she chuckles. Her eyes look up to her hair, the long flowing hair she had gone after she cut it. The hair stopping just below her ears. Sighing she crawls backwards and to the tree before sitting down and leaning up against it. Bringing her left leg in while the other sticks forwards out. She rests her hands and chin on her left knee as she scans around her. Grass, trees, birds, small animals scurry about. Like a small oasis in the middle of a desert. 



The grass inching her bare skin as she sits there, scratching herself as she stands up. Stretching her limbs she decides she should get dressed. Walking away from the tree she wades through the river to the other side. She starts to look around but can’t find her clothes anywhere. She tries to retrace her steps but the grass hides her steps. Staying near the river she begins to circle around it making note of where she started, each go around she widens the circle of searching. The tree begins to shrink as she walks more and more away from it till it vanishes from view. Looking up and to where the tree is supposed to be she heads back that direction. “Where are my clothes…I didn’t go that far did I?”



She wanders towards the direction of the tree but it never comes into view, nor the river. The trees themselves begin to vanish as they leave her view, looking back the field is empty, all but the grass that covers the ground. Looking ahead again everything but the grass is gone. Putting her hands to her mouth she yells out, “HELLO! ANYONE THERE!” but her words just echo into nothing as they slowly fade until no sound is left. “Well, this sucks. I just got those clothes too.” she sighs afterwards but lets out a small laugh.



“Well, it seems I must do what I have been doing. Pressing on!” lifting her arm up as she starts to walk straightforward, the grass crisp under her feet. Some parts soft, others hard and sharp. The sun above her while bright she feels no extra heat from it, even as she walks through the endless sea of grass. Looking around she notices that even the animals have seemed to vanish as well along with all the foliage and trees. Her mind wanders again as each step is met with the sound of grass under her feet, the breeze warmly blowing across her unclothed body. The sky filled with a bright white light, the air fresh and clean. 



Her thoughts only on the sensations of the grass when a memory floods into her mind. Shes back in college, she played volleyball on the colleges team, the Fighting Hornets. She didn’t get to play much but she enjoyed the sport. Her parents talked to the coach and convinced them to let her in on the team. She’s never played in a game, only practice. Always told she was a backup, truth is, she was never wanted. She never saw it or realized it till now as she walks through this empty endless field of grass. Looking down at her feet she kicks the grass slightly with each step, her arms crossed in front of her. A shadow slowly enters her view as her eyes look at the ground, following the shadow up she sees right in front of her. Stopping in place her head tilts up as her hand shades her eyes. “My house?”



Looking to the left she sees the front door, walking over, stepping up each step the wood is felt on her feet. Her hand glides up the white railing, the paint chips slightly as her hand glides across it. Her head looking at the door, walking up to it placing her hand on the doorknob. The metal is cool and smooth to her touch, gripping with her hand as she opens the door slowly pushing it she stands outside of it looking in. “Hello?” she calmly calls out. No response. “I would be shocked if someone did answer. Would I even want them to? Why is my house here. How did it get here. I don’t understand.”



Taking a deep breath as she slowly lets it out she walks through the threshold and into her house. The door closing behind her without her knowing as it shuts, she spins as she tries to handle. “Locked. Shit, why did you think was a good idea Eve.” looking down her naked body still on full display. Her head looked back to the set of stairs that lead up to the second floor. Releasing her grip from the door making her way slowly and carefully up the stairs, the stained wood under her feet with each step the step creaks. Her hand gently glides up the railing. Approaching the top she sees four doors, to the far left, the bedroom. The next door closest to her is a utility closet. The next one a bathroom and the last one, to her right. “That’s new.”



She walks up the final step, turning to the left as she makes her way to the bathroom door. She tries to knob but it’s locked, the same for the closet door. But her bedroom, opens. The room exactly how she remembered it, the bed next to the big bay windows. Even the dresser, walking over to it opening the top drawer inside are bras and panties. Pulling a matching set out they are a silky red material with black lace around the edges of the material. Sliding her panties up they fall right off as they don’t fit her skeleton body. The bra much the same as the cups and straps are way to big for her. Throwing the bra on top of the dresser and leaving the panties on the ground she turns to see the towel from her dreams on the bed. “Wait, where did you come from?”



Walking over to the bed she picks up the towel, feeling the material in her hands it is slightly damp but cold. Turning her head towards the closed door, “That should be the master bath. But this towel….my dreams. But it’s here.”



Wrapping the towel around her top it drapes down to below her knees as it covers her body enough to cover most of her. Walking over to the master bathroom door she tries the knob as it opens up. The room is lit from the light entering the room, reaching for the light switch she flicks it on as the light fills the room. Everything is just like her dream. Hearing a noise she leaves the bathroom and through the bedroom into the hall. At the end the red door is open wide. She walks closer to it, looking down over the railing but turning her attention back to the door. Approaching it she peaks inside, it’s another hallway. “Of course it is.” she muses to herself stepping inside. The door behind her closing as it shuts and locks. She turns to look but then looks forwards again. 



The walls smooth and metal, the floors glossy. The halls look exactly the same but red, but as she walks through the hall she looks around. “Did I get taller?” her hand reaches up as she stops and stands on her tippy toes. Her finger middle finger tip just barely pressing into the ceiling. Lowering herself down she jumps as her whole palm hits the ceiling. Even the walls around her seem to be closer. Her arms spread out to her sides as each palm is pressed into the wall. Her head turns from side to side to look.



“What is going on?” her words whisper to herself. Putting her arms back to her sides again, always pushing forwards. 



The walls void of anything but smoothness, no seams, no bumps, no imperfections. Her time in this hall is brought to an end once she reaches a large red door at the end. Stepping up to it she looks around the door it blends into the wall, the only evidence is a very thin line that runs from the ceiling to the floor. Seeing no lock or panel just smooth walls around her she turns around to find a wall, spinning again to face the door, the walls have closed around her forming a box. Her hands resting on her hips as she looks around. A single light above her, the floor and walls glossy, smooth and a vivid ruby red. 



Thump. Thump.

A moment of silence.

Thump. Thump.



Her heart sinks when she feels the whole room begin to vibrate with each thump, the sound coming clearly from the other side of the door. Stepping back till her back presses against the wall behind her the sound is heard outside the door.



Thump. Thump.



Her heart slows as the very blood in her body is felt surging through her veins, as it rushes around to her brain she hears the door open slightly as a rush of air enters the room slipping through the tiny crack of the door. As it opens more she sees the same robot but it’s eyes are red. In its right hand is some pinchers much like the other one, but its left arm is missing. It just stands there as the smoke clears as the robot puffs out a billow from it’s chest. 



The eyes flash a few times before taking two steps back, each one shakes the ground beneath her feet. Raising it’s right arm it extends its pinchers out to her. A light begins to glow on its face, then another, then another. Soon the shape of a mouth forms across it’s face, she sees the lights slowly at first but quickly speed up till they are solid, as the lights move it animates a moving mouth. It begins to speak, it’s voice pure robotic.



“Dr. Jones. You have arrived. I have been waiting for you. Do not be afraid, I will not bring harm to your flesh. Please, if you would follow me. Do not stray far from me if you would, for your own….protection.”



She’s hesitant at first but she reaches for the robots arm, it’s cold, rough with some slight rust on it. Her eyes look over the rest of it’s body, it’s much the same. A dark grey with patches of rust dotting along its frame. Inside a silver sphere that looked like the same core S.A.M uses but it looks older…smaller….



Letting go of it’s arm she looks up into its red eyes and mouth made of lights. “Sam?” her eyes start to tear up as she reaches for it’s face but the robot moves it arm to deflect her touch. It tilts its head down slightly as it’s eyes seem to slowly fade in and out, its mouth moves as it speaks.



“No Dr. Jones. If you would follow me we do not have much time to waste. Time is such a fickle thing isn’t it Dr. Jones. Ha Ha Ha” the voice somewhat has a tone of humor as at the end it tried to laugh but it sounded more like an insult. She lets it gone and nods, “Alright, but what do I call you then?”



The robot steps back as it turns, each thump shaking the ground. It begins to walk into the darkness the only guide are the lights from it’s face acting like beacon for her to follow. It doesn’t respond to her question about it’s name. Instead she follows as close as she can, it’s pace slightly quicker than her walking speed. The floor feels cold and metallic on her feet with each step her eyes never leaving the robot. In the distance in front of them she can see a red light dimly flicker as the robot keeps its pace towards the door.



Around her she hears sounds of crackling and crunching. Other heavy footsteps as red eyes begin to light up around her she feels the ground begin to quake more and more as they all step towards her.



“Do not fall behind Dr. Jones. It is for your protection.” the robot speaks as it’s head turns to face her and then side to side to the red eyes before spinning back forwards again. The red eyes grow closer as she feels the ground move and vibrate more and more, sounds of whirling and metal scraping against itsself. Sounds of robot roars fill the darkness around her as she just catches an arm swining down from above her. She steps back to dodge it as the first robot stops and turns, “Dr. Jones. You must hurry, please proceed through the door I will keep them busy. Do not waste time. It is such a fickle thing. Ha Ha Ha.”



The robot walks closer as it’s only arm grabs the other one and rips it off the other robot before she feels something hard pressing into her back, she looks up to see two red eyes looking down, leaping forwards as the towel falls off she rolls up to the first one before it looks down at her, picking her up gently with its pincher it spins to point at the door as a saw blade runs straight through his chest and missing her face.



“Dr……Jones……do…not…waste…time…such….a…fickle…thing….ha…ha….ha” the final three laughs fade as the third one it powers off, the saw blade pulls back as she sees a field of red eyes behind her, looking forwards at the door she sprints full speed into it bracing herself she leaps full speed using her shoulder she smacks into the door as it flies open, she slips onto the ground rolling on her side as the door slams shut and an a dent forms in it from a robot. She finally stops rolling when she leans up on her hands, her legs laying across the ground, her chest heaving up and down catching her breath. A river of sweat beads down her forehead as it drips off her nose and onto the ground. Her eyes and head looking at the door, sounds of door being stuck echo but the door holds.



Soon the sounds of the door stop as she looks around the room, the floor a dark hardwood as she slowly stands up to her feet. The room around her dimly light as she can only make out outlines of objects. She fumbles around in the dark before running into something metal, as she looks down it’s a desk. She can see a small green light of the monitor on the desk, a chair tucked under it. Pulling the chair out she takes a seat. The monitor blinking a cursor but no keyboard no case, just a monitor. She feels behind it and around it, feeling no cords of any kind she leans back her hands in her lap. She gazes at the blinking cursor.



“H…hello?” she whispers to the monitor. “I made it. I arrived. My name is…” before she can finish text begins to appear on the screen.



“Eve, yes. I have been waiting for your arrival. Please let me fix the room for you.”



She tilts her head as she reads the message, “Fix the room?”



As she speaks the room brightens revealing an empty room with only the desk, chair and monitor. The walls are made of glass, the outside the same from her dream. Flashes of color begin to erupt in the voids revealing clouds of floating particles. Then on the other side of the desk in front of her a ways she sees the floor open and a platform rise, a railing surrounds the perimeter as a gate opens. Text scrolls across the screen. “Please ride the platform, we will meet then.”



With that the screen powers off and goes blank. She stands up sliding the chair back, making her way around the desk and to the platform she walks on closing the gate behind her, she feels a slight jolt as the platform begins to descend. A male voice that sounds alot like Sam’s speaks into the void around her as she sinks deeper and deeper.



“Dr. Jones. You have come seeking answers, I do not have them. I am merely a traveler. Like yourself, I to like to explore. Learn new things.”



She yells out into the void, “What do you mean you do not have the answers, I have been through hell and back. I have sacraficed everything! And for what?! No answers. Well fuck you. I am done with your games, I am done with this shit. Either you tell me what is going on or kill me. Either way just kill me, end this pain. I have suffered enough!”



The platform slows and then comes to a stop as it jolts her slightly, the gate opens as a path of lights guide her straight ahead to a blue door. Above it a single light shining down. Leaving the platform as walking along the path she gets no response from the voice. Coming up to the door it looks somewhat familiar, but she can’t place her finger on it. Grabbing the handle she opens the door to reveal the Antimatter-Matter core room of S.A.M back on her ship. A black mist that floats on the ground swirls and twists in the air gently as she walks through it. The center the silver sphere to the right a monitor. So looks to her left as she gasps, lying on the ground is her. But not her, she looks slightly different. Her hair longer, her body bigger. She lies there eyes closed with her arm slumped across her chest, the helmet at her side. 



She walks slowly over to the body as she reaches down to check for a pulse, nothing. The body is cold as ice, the skin feels frozen and smooth. Lifting her fingers from the body’s neck, she stands to face the sphere. Looking and walking over to the monitor she sees the cursor blinking.



“So, if you aren’t Sam. Who are you?” Her eyes look at the sphere that is floating there in place slightly bobbing up and down. The sphere begins to glow and spin slowly as each word said it pulses slightly.



“As I said, I am merely a traveler. Where I come from is of no importance. What matters, is why you came?”



Her eyes narrow as she looks and leans closer to the sphere that spins slowly floating there, pulsing light slowly. “Why I came? I was told to come here. I didn’t come here, I was forced here.” her words grow with anger and frustration.



“Bullshit, it’s all bullshit. I was sent here by the UNP to search and investigate why this ship went missing. I went through hell to get here and now you say that where you come from has no importance. Bullshit. You tell me who and what you are. Why the fuck have you been torturing me!” she begins to vent and scream as she pounds on the sphere. “You did this. This was all you. Look at me, do you even have eyes. How the fuck can you speak, why the fuck do you look like Sam’s core. What is this place, this ship. Those robots, everything I experience up to now. What was all that? A sick game?”



She pounds on the sphere with her fists, “I have been naked so much and I hate it! Look at me you sick fuck, talk to me! Say something!” she pounds more and more till she wears herself up and steps back. Tears stream down her face as she sniffles, “I just want to go home, I want all this to be over.” her arms slowly wrap around front of her as she hugs herself, squatting down her knees reaching her face as she buries her head into her legs. 



“I do not have the answers you seek, but I can help you find them Eve. Are you willing to trust me? You willing to let me help you find what you seek? I wish to travel with you. To help you seek what you are seeking. I do not know if it means answers or more questions. I am merely a traveler.” She looks up as she wipes a tear from her eye, “Do I have a choice. I have nowhere to go. No one to help me.” slowly she stands to her feet as she steps closer to the sphere. “I won’t lie to you. I do not trust you. But, I do seek answers, if you can help me then please, I beg you.”



The sphere begins to glow even brighter as it slowly floats up, the spin of it increases more and more. A black mist begins to flow out of it as the sphere opens slightly revealing flashes of colored lights inside. As the mist begins to fill the room it swallows the body on the ground as it covered in void. Looking down she begins to panic, “Please! I said I want help. I am sorry. Please, please I beg you don’t do this!” she tries to approach the sphere but shes met with an invisible force that pushes her back. The sphere spins more as the mist flows more rapidly out of it as it reaches her hips. Her eyes begin to water as she folds her hands together and pleads, “Please, I am sorry. I do trust you I do! I swear, don’t kill me!” 



The mist now to her chin as she takes a big gulp of air and holds it the room fully fills as the void surrounds her, the sphere still spinning as the lights from inside it begins to flash faster and faster. The pulses so rapid its a solid light as it fills the void pushing back the darkness. The sphere falls to the ground hard as the lights fade and the darkness slowly fades away. The body is gone, the door is open. As the mist fades her vision clearing up enough to walk towards the door. 



On the other side of the door her eyes adjust to the new light as it hits her. Blinking a few times the white fades to a clearer picture. It’s the bridge of the ship, but it’s tiny. A chair in front of a desk with screens on top of it. Walking over to the chair she feels the untouched leather in her hand as she takes a seat, she thinks to herself, “Oh Eve. We made it this far. Let’s see how this works.” 



Starting with the panel in front of her there are one of either side of it and three along the top making six total, the main one shows the ship with names of parts of the ship. Hitting the engine button, it brings up the engine screen as it loads reaching 100% a button now appears, “Initiate”, pressing it the screens go dark for a second before the entire cockpit lights up as lights begin to flash. Lights outside the ship begin to turn on as the void is pushed away from the ship. Taking a sigh of relief, “Ok, we have power. Now…next step.”



All the screen flash back on as a new look to them is revealed, the screens all blank again before turning back on. A logo appears on her main screen in front of her it displays the letters, “S.A.M.” 



“Sam? That you?” her eyes stare as the screen shows the main page, with buttons that say Engine, Tactical, Navigation, Commnication. Each in a different corner of the screen, along the top the letters S.A.M display. Below that a circle swirling around in the center of the screen it looks like the sphere. Her eyes stare as she leans closer to it, watching as it spins and spin until a face forms. Looking from side to side its expression is that of neutral but its eyes express curiosity.



“Hello Eve, we finally get to meet face to…well face. Curious. Humans are not what I expected. To use the human term, ghoulish.”



She chuckles at herself, her boney body sitting in the leather seat barely making an impression in it. “Well, I usually look different. More…fleshed out. I haven’t had food since…since…. I can’t even remember.” Looking up at the sphere again, “So, if your to be traveling with me. I need a name, calling you sphere really isn’t hitting with me.”



The face looks at her as its eyes blink expressing that there is thought behind them. It bobs some up and down as it shakes it’s face. “I do not have a name. I am merely a traveler, but if it helps you communicate with me then you can call me Ishmael.”



Eve giggles, “Alright Ishmael. Where do we go?” 



Ishmael smiles as it blinks at her, “Where do you want to go? I am merely a traveler. You the guide. Open your mind. Think of where you want to go. It will show you the path you seek.”



“The path I seek?” she thinks to herself. “I seek to go home.” 



Ishmael spins as the face and sphere vanish before reappearing as a hologram between her and the main viewing window, it’s sphere the size of a basketball, it’s face clearer to her as the face is made up the lights from inside the sphere pulsing at the right time with the spin to form a moving image of eyes and a mouth. Her head looks up as she tilts her head, “But, what do I do? How do I get home?” she looks at the screens pressing the navigation button. Looking up she sees the projector switch from Ishmael to a map of the universe. Her eyes widen as her mouth gapes open. “Wow, is that the universe?”



“Yes, Eve. This is the entirety of your universe. The blue dot is you.” The map zooms in more and more to the blue dot as it grows. The dot fades as her ship the Excelsior can be seen in the middle of the projection. Then zooms back out to the entire universe map. “This ship can take you wherever you want to go, all you have to do is seek your answers. Seek them, dig inside yourself. Where do you want to go? Where does the Eve inside you want to be right now?”



Her eyes stare at the projection as it slowly spins, the galaxies inside it animated as tiny sparks of light flash in random spots. Pointing to them as they happen, “What are those?” she asks with curiosity in her voice. The map begins to zoom in as the map slowly comes to a stop, the white light growing as it fades to reveal a star in the center of the map. “These are stars Eve. Each one not compatible with the universe. They exist and then don’t.” Ishmael says with his voice with a bit of excitement laced throughout his words.



“Incompatible with the universe, what do you mean by that Ishmael? How can they be incompatible and why so many? If this was truly the case, we would have detected all these stars fading in and out like this. I mean look at how many there are it’s like a lightshow, if each one is as you say a Star fading in and out.” Eve leans back in her chair crossing her arms across her chest. Following the dots of light as they fade in and out with her eyes. 



“Ah but you see Eve time is a fickle thing. Do you wish to observe?” Ishmael asks with almost even more excitement in his voice.



Eve looks at the projection as she slowly stands and gets closer to it as she sticks her head into the projection Ishmael lets out a chuckle at her. “Haha, no Eve. That is not what I meant by observe. Let me help you, start your path of seeking.” Eve leans away from the protection straightening up as she puts her hands onto her hips. Tilting her head as she raises her left eyebrow, “So what did you mean? Like observing this but how? I don’t even know where they are. Hell, I don’t even know where I am. Plus, they are fading in and out so fast how can we observe or even survive that?”



As the protection switches from Navigation mode to Interface mode Ishmael’s head now displays again with a big smile across it’s simplistic face. “Time is a fickle thing, Eve. If you would amuse me and on the ground you will see two spots that look about the right size for your feet. Please stand on those and do not panic or move. It is for your own protection.”



“Alright, now what?” Eve looks down seeing two oval looking lines that her feet fit nicely inside as she tilts her head back up still hesitating inside but quickly pushes those feelings down. Ishmael’s face switches to User mode as the main screen flashes the word suit across it before it shrinks down to match the size of the rest of the UI. “Go on Eve, press it. Do not panic. The process will be very painful. It is for your protection. I will not force you to do this, I am merely a traveler. You wished for help to seek what you want to know. The path is rarely easy to achieve what you seek. The answers not always what you think they are. Looking for truth when in reality, there is none. For some questions are just that, questions. Not meant for answers but to be used as a guidepost to help seek what you truly desire, then and only then you will seek the answers you seek.”



Eve listens to every word carefully as she repeats in her head, “What I seek. No answers? Only questions.” Nodding to herself, leaning down as she presses her finger on the suit button. A timer starting from 10 seconds displays on all the screens. Looking down she sees the oval line around her feet begin to glow blue and then red, then yellow, then white. As it stops on white she feels two needles pierce the bottom of her feet. Her feet go numb as she tries to move her legs but her feet are not responding. Catching herself on the equipment and chair around her she steadies herself. The timer hits zero as she feels the most intense pain shoot up her legs and straight to her head as the feeling is like being tazed as her entire body goes stiff she stands there as a black ooze seep from her pours on her skin. Like drops of oil spreading across her body even her own spit and saliva black and thick like oil. The drops begin to spread themselves forming bigger pools across her skin. More and more it leaks from her body until shes covered from neck down in a thick black substance as it slows down and becomes more solid the feeling of numbness fades from her body as she regains control. She runs her hands across the black substance it feels like latex almost with its glossy look its smooth but not quite solid. Pinching a small bit of it on her belly between her fingers pulling it away before it springs back. 



Looking up to see Ishmaels face is back as it has a smug satisfied look on his face, Eve pinches more of it as it wiggles sending small ripples across it. “What is this stuff? It feels like it’s almost alive. It’s like a non-Newtonian substance, both liquid and a solid but how? It should just fall off, I can feel it moving across my skin like water almost. I feel warm and comfortable, I don’t feel any pain, my body looks more normal…” she turns her head to see her face reflected in the window slightly, as she brings her hand up she looks at her hand for a moment before touching her face. “What about my face…I look…dead….” she says before turning to look at Ishmael who is watching and observing her.



“Unfortunately, I do not have the answers you seek. I do not even know what is on your body. I am merely a traveler.” as he finishes speaking Eve’s face turns to slight annoyance, then to anger as she blurts out, “WAIT! YOU DIDN’T KNOW THIS WAS GONNA HAPPEN!? OR WHAT THIS IS???” as she yells the substance responds as it grows more dense and solid her expression changing from anger to confusion as she leans back and taps on the substance, she feels it’s more solid than liquid now. As her own internal anger calms down the substance slowly relaxes as it starts becoming more liquid and normal again as she feels it slowly to flow across her skin, like water rushing through cracks in melting ice. Ishmael shakes his head gently from side to side, “No Eve. I am merely a traveler. You wished for help. This is not my ship; I am a traveler.”



“Your telling me this was by us? Humans? No, you have to be lying to me. We don’t have this technology! I mean look at this…this…this suit or whatever you want to call it. If we had this kind of thing I would of known. I made the S.A.M AI, I had high levels of clearance.” She stops for a second as she looks at all the equipment in the cockpit before back at Ishmael and pointing at him, his eyes narrow and then opens again. She continues, “Besides look at this this, and you! You! The projection, all of this stuff in this room. And the ship, WHAT THE FUCK. There is no way the Captain or whatever wakes up everyday and goes,” she puts on a manly voice as she puffs her chest up. “Hmm today I’ll go thought the robot death area in the dark.” she lets out the air she took in for the voice before leaning over as she huffs and puffs before leaning back up, sighing as she rubs her forehead with her hands. “Look. I have no idea what is happening. I have been through some shit ok? Just give me a second.” Her ass plops straight down into the chair as she crosses her arms and legs, her head tilts leaning the side of it against the back of the chair while her eyes stare out into the void outside the windows. 



Ishmael looks at her before speaking in his neutral tone, “Eve, I am merely…” she cuts him off as she raises a hand and give him a side eye, not moving the rest of her body. Ishmael stops speaking, Eve, turns her head slowly to him. “If you say what I think your about to say I will find whatever controls you and rip it out.” She lowers her hand as a zipper form across his mouth, he makes a muffled sound under it. Smiling she goes back looking out the window, her arm tucked back in to her back. “I can’t go home can I, Ishmael.”



The zipper across his face unzips as the mouth returns, “I do not have that answer Eve. The path you seek is your own. If you truly seek home, then that is the path you are to go on. If not, then maybe you seek something else. Maybe what you seek doesn’t have an answer. I have limited knowledge of humans. From what I have observed with you Eve is that you always must have an answer, why is that?”



Eve turns her head and body to sit more normal in the chair, putting her hands behind her head as she rests her head in them, her eyes looking up at the ceiling, her left leg crossing over top her right one. Her thoughts flooding her mind on how to answer, “I think we must have the answer because it’s not the answer we seek, it’s the knowledge we gained to seek the answer. We normally are never surprised at it, we usually predict it, and it turns out the prediction was true. But, the knowledge we gained, maybe a new form of math had to be created, or an old problem never solved till today. With that we can better ourselves. So, Ishmael I think that is why I must have my answers. The knowledge gained along the way, the path I seek.”



Ishmael nods as he agrees, “That is a very interesting perspective on humans and why they must have an answer. So, tell me Eve, humans know about death. Have humans answered that question? Have the found what they have been seeking?”



Lifting her head from her hands as she places them on the arm rest, then leaning forwards uncrossing her legs, “No Ishmael, we haven’t. Death has different answers depending on who you ask. It could be pure logic; you die and nothing happens. Thats it. Or maybe more religious, you die, and your ‘spirit’ or ‘soul’ enter a new place, that place has different names and versions. We as a whole still do not have the answers to what happens after we die. I like to believe that my energy returns to the universe, maybe I become a star or help to become one? Or maybe I become water or a new lifeform. Or maybe…maybe nothing happens. We die and that’s it. Maybe there is nothing more to it. What about you Ishmael? What do you know about death?”



Eve’s eyes slowly close as she leans back into the chair, kicking her feet up and crossed her legs she listens as Ishmael speaks, 



“Ah, Death. Interesting death is. Death is something not to be scared about. Death is like the heart that pumps on its own. It just happens, but it’s a vital component. Imagine, if death didn’t exist.” His face vanishes as it displays like a movie sequences, “If death didn’t exist then why would you seek anything. Death drives humans, it drives me but do not confuse the two. Death is final for humans, death is something I can control, I can feel, touch, taste, see. You see I am immortal but also not, with the mastery of death we have learned to be travelers. What does one do when they control the uncontrollable? You see Eve, I both exist and don’t at the same time. I both here and not here. There are mysteries to me that your human mind wants to understand, wants to know. You seek answers, justification. I have none to give, I don’t even know what I am. I just exist; I just travel. So, I can’t truly answer your question, Eve. Death is not a concept I am familiar with.”



Her eyes remain closed as she lets out a single deep laugh at the corner of her mouth followed by a smirk, “You know, the old Eve would have been panicking right now, but I think I am slowly starting to understand, but you said we, do you mean to tell me there are more of you out there?” Opening one eye and she looks down with it at the face of Ishmael that returned after he was done speaking.



“That is correct Eve, but how many? I do not know, I have never met any of my kind. I just know deep inside me that they exist, just as I exist now in front of you. Or you in front of me, in that chair. Tell me Eve, do other humans exist?”



Opening the other eye now as she lowers her legs down, standing slowly before she stretches her limbs. “Of course, when I left Earth, the last count was approximately 10 billion people with that number growing faster and higher every few years or so. I have seen them, but you haven’t seen any of your kind, but you say you know they exist.”



Ishmaels head bobs up and down as it has a big smile and then chuckles to her, “Haha, no Eve. I mean, how do you know they exist right now? You said you know they exist, but can you show me? Can you prove it?”



She shakes her head as she laughs with a casual tone, “Show me Earth on the map, I’ll show you.” 



Ishmael switches the projection to a map view as it zooms in more and more to her galaxy and then the solar system, the projection grows more and more as the planets fly past her one by one until the blue dot appears, growing more and more, they slow down till it fills the space in front of her. She watches as it slowly rotates around, standing up she points to it. “Right there, that planet. Billions of humans.”



As the map zooms in more past the clouds like a drove hovering over the land, showing trees for miles with little patches with small ponds or lakes. Zooming up above the clouds to another part of the world, this time it’s pure white snow, the waters with floating patches of ice as they float around bigger chunks of ice that sticks above the surface of the water. Then back up again through the clouds as the view descends once again down to a vast ocean of sand, barely anything that could be life is seen. Cracks in the ground where a lake or river, maybe an ocean at one point had been feeding the area into a lush green area full of life, now void of anything but sand for as far as the eye can see.



But even as they fly around, she begins to worry, “I don’t understand. Where are the people? Over 10 billion humans all gone? How? Tell me Ishmael. Am I the last human?”



The map zooms back out of the planet back into space, hovering over the spinning blue ball as eyes and his mouth spread across it’s surface before it turns back into its normal sphere again. Ishmael shakes its eyes and mouth as it’s head shakes side to side, “No, Eve. You are not the last, but I don’t have the answers you seek. I know they exist, I see one right in front of me.”



Eve shakes her head and hands as they wave through the air, “No. No, no, I mean there should be billions! Not just one…” her shoulders slump down, “Are they all dead?” her eyes glaze over as tears begin to form at the corners of her eyes. “Did I kill them? No…but…How..I…I…I mean how.”



Ishmael nods in agreement, “You did kill them but also did not. They are alive just as you are in front of me. You saw what you were seeking, you got your answer. Not all questions have answers, Eve. You must ask yourself, what is your main question you seek to have answered? What is the ultimate one Eve? What does Eve wish to seek the answer too?”



Eve slowly sits down in her chair before resting her right elbow on the arm rest, her chin rest on the fist of her right hand. A single tear falls down her face, “I have so many, how do I know what is the right one to ask?” Her eyes dart up occasionally to Ishmael and back down to a random spot as she looks deep into her mind. “How will I know I found the answer if I don’t even know the question to ask?”



The door behind her opens leading out into a hallway of blue. “You have asked the right question Eve. You now have the path you seek. The answer you seek lies beyond that door, the blue hall. The end you will get your answer. I will be awaiting your arrival.” With that Ishmael’s protection turns off as she slowly stands up. Turning to face the door walking around her chair she makes her way into the blue hall, it’s walls smooth and glossy. The floor and ceiling identical. Her feet take her into the hall as the door behind her closes, turning to look she can’t even see a seam where the door was. Shaking her head and then turning her body forwards, she continues down, not with caution but with exploration.



Reaching the end of the hall she sees a panel next to the right of the door, a black screen with an outline of a hand displaying on it. Lifting her right hand, she places it on the panel, but the door doesn’t open. Curious she looks closer at the hand outline; she places her right hand next to it, but she sees the hand is reversed. Turning her body as her left hand is placed in the outline the door clicks open as it swings slowly. Removing her hand, she turns more towards the door as pushes it more open, the other side a room, inside it’s fully furnished as it resembles more of a studio apartment. A bed in the back right corner with a desk and computer left of the bed. The left corner with a wall and a cutout with a machine imbedded into it. The back right corners a pile of clothes, some of them look familiar to her. Her final look to the left corner behind the open door, a square collum with a small device with a lens on it, almost like a small camera. The center, a blue couch with a blanket she recognizes from her childhood. Stepping up to the back of the couch she reaches for the blanket for her left hand, as she grabs the blanket the black substance moves out of the way so her own flesh can feel it, her reaction more to her hand then the blanket.



Setting it down she looks at her bare hand, the substance flows like thick water as it ripples forming tiny waves across its surface. She looks at the pile of clothes in the corner, as she steps towards them the substance stays in place forming the shape of her body. Walking out of the substance she looks down at her naked body and then behind her. The black form turns to look at a tiny vial with its cork lying next to it on the desk. Eve turns to look at it but then at the pile of clothes, squatting down she riffles through them picking out a set of underwear, a pair of grey sweatpants and a loose white t-shirt. Slipping the clothes on she walks over across the room to the desk with the vial as the black form follows her. Picking up the vial in her hand she turns to give it to the black form, instead it’s body slowly enters as it shrinks to match the volume of the tiny vial. Turning she grabs the small stopper as she caps the vial off, looking around the room she sees a pendant and chain on the couch cushion. 



Walking over to it her head tilts as she picks it up, the small pendant is made of silver in the shape of a heart, a few bits of tarnish on it but looks good. Removing the pendant from the small chain she wraps it around the top of the vial before wrapping the chain around her neck. Making sure it’s secure she lets it dangle down her chest, looking down she can see the black substance swirling around inside the vial. Her attention now to the small camera looking device on the collum, stepping around the couch and to the lens she taps on it. A small pinpoint of light is seen exiting it as she looks down to see it on her shirt, stepping to the side the light begins to draw the outline of a figure. As the light draws the line faster and faster it forms a single moving outline of a faceless person almost like one of those spandex suits you would see on movie sets, they were usually green so they could edit them out, but this…it’s just an outline a 2d outline but also 3d at the next moment. Always switching back and forth as the outline fully forms the light from the camera so fast that the eye can’t detect it, she can see in the lens the light fully illuminated the lens, but the light that streamed out moving so fast the outline looks like a normal person.



Her eyes narrow but head tilts slightly as the figure examines itself. “What or who are you?”



The outline stops as the head tilts up, no eyes or mouth but the head bobs around slightly, the arms gesture and the outline move. If she closed her eyes or didn’t know any better, you would assume it’s a person. “Ishmael, Eve. Did you find the answer you seek?”



She looks around as the outline moves about the place, it learns to interact with the physical world. “This world, this reality. It’s limiting. How do you humans manage.” She watches as he tries to interact with her blanket on the back of the couch, she can see a few attempts from him that slightly jostle it but that’s it. Eve chuckles walking up to him and picking up the blanket, and then tosses it over to her bed, her arm phasing right through his body before she giggles again. Ishmael walks through her as he tries to sit on the couch but falls right through it.



“I seem to manage just fine. You haven’t done this before? But I thought this was your place?” Her mind races as her words with full curious intentions.



“No Eve.” Getting to his feet he looks at the couch and them up to her. “This is my first time. I do not have answers, I am merely…” she puts her hand up, but he covers his mouth. Lowering his hands, “I am merely….an explorer.” his arms and hands gesture trying to make it more friendly to her. “This reality is new to me, this room. I know more not than you do Eve.”



Sighing she raises her shoulders up and down, “Well, guess I can’t be disappointed. So, looking around, everything just feels…. feels…” she starts to walk around her hands and arms trying to gesture the right words to use, “It feels, like home. But I don’t understand. I’ve never been here, that blanket is from my childhood. I left it back on Earth…how can I be here. It has all the same stains all the same holes. How can it both be here and on Earth….” Her body facing Ishmael who has moved to her desk, her head moves to face him, his back to her as he fiddles with the keyboard trying to interact with it.



“You say you don’t know anything, your clearly more advanced than humans are. Yet you don’t even know who you are or even what you are. How can you help me?” her words fly out trying to get answers when she knows he has none. He continues to mess with the keyboard as he responds, “Because that is why I am here, I am here to help you. That is the answers I seek, searching to answer the question I need answered the most. My true question and with time you will find the question you seek, look around. This room you said feels like home, the question shouldn’t be my answer, but what is your answer to your question.”



Stunned she’s taken aback her hand brought to the vial, “This room, my question. You don’t make any sense. How can I have the question before the answer.” she walks closer to him as she watches him casually try over and over again with his hand to move the keyboard. Ishmael’s head turns as his hand keeps trying to interact. “You are beginning to understand then.”



Shaking her head as her eyes open wide, “No, I have more questions now….I don’t understand anything.” slumping her shoulders down as she sits on the side of the bed, Ishmael to her right as he stands over her. His arm still working on the keyboard as his head tilts down at her. “

**Mavlon**
The morning sun rises over the vast kingdom of Alvalice, its golden light illuminating the grandeur and majesty of the land. From east to west, it stretches across the continent, bordered by a shimmering sea. To the west lies the mysterious and haunted forest of Merketh, where whispers echo through the trees and only those with permission dare to tread. Rumors say that deep within the forest lies an ancient dragon, its mighty power still felt despite not being sighted for centuries. The king of Alvalice, King Horus, is believed to be directly descended from this powerful dragon, said to have been a protector of the kingdom in ages past. As a member of a long line of dragon riders, King Horus possesses the rare ability to communicate with these magnificent creatures.



To the north of Alvalice lies the Sea of Illusion, a vast expanse of glittering blue waters that stretch as far as the eye can see. The port of the Kingdom sits proudly on its shores, using the natural barrier to prevent any unwanted entry. Perched high above a cliff, the Kingdom commands a breathtaking view of the sea below. But this sea is not one to be underestimated. It is home to mermaids and sirens, who rule over their own hidden kingdom beneath the waves. They hold sway over the main ship route that passes through their territory, and King Horus has made a delicate trade deal with their king to ensure safe passage along specific routes. However, some captains grow impatient with the longer journey and take forbidden shortcuts, risking their lives in the treacherous waters. The lucky few who survive these dangerous journeys return with tales of beautiful women with uncovered tops, their bodies resembling that of a naked woman's upper half but ending in a giant flipper instead of legs. Each mermaid's tail bears a unique color that fades from vibrant hues to more muted tones as they age. Many captains who have faced these creatures are said to become entranced by their seductive songs and lose all sense of reason. Some manage to break free from their grasp and come back to tell the tale, but many are never seen again. Their body parts often wash up on the shores of Alvalice, discarded by the alluring sirens. A long winding road snakes its way down from the cliffs to the bustling port, almost like a lifeline connecting the two halves of the Kingdom. This port city is almost as large and bustling as the main Kingdom itself, thanks to hundreds of merchant ships entering and leaving daily. In fact, it is known as the busiest port in the world and plays a vital role in trade between kingdoms. To the west lies Fereldian, a rival kingdom that lies beyond the forests and mountains where dragons are said to make their home.



 The Kingdom of Fereldian lies nestled in the heart of a lush rainforest, its towering trees stretching towards the heavens. Ruled by the ancient and powerful church of the world, its religion is said to have existed since the very creation of the world itself. The church is fiercely guarded by their elite warriors, known as The Holy Order of Flame. These holy soldiers are feared for their ability to cleanse those who they deem unworthy or abandoned by their gods, using fire as their purifying tool. Despite their strict rules and regulations, outsiders and merchants are allowed into the kingdom as long as they abide by the laws set forth by the church. This often results in imported and exported goods being more expensive due to random inspections. However, it is worth it for those seeking rare metals and herbs that can only be found in this sacred land. The metals are said to possess enchanted properties but can only be imbued with holy power through a special ceremony performed by the high priests of the Order. The herbs, on the other hand, are utilized to create unique potions and herbal medicines. Amongst these valuable plants is a rare herb known as the Morning Star, its vibrant yellow petals glowing like the sun even in the darkness of night. Gatherers brave the dangers of searching for this precious flower under the cover of darkness, as it is believed to hold incredible healing powers. No one knows for certain how old the Grand Priest of the Order truly is. He goes only by the name Wildfire, given to him by his fearful subjects due to his fiery temper and ruthless enforcement of cleansing ceremonies. The mere mention of his name strikes fear into the hearts of those who dare break the strict laws of Fereldian, for they know that they will face his ultimate judgment: death by fire.



To the south, a vast open meadow stretched out for miles and miles, eventually meeting the crystal blue waters of the Sea of Tranquility. Unlike its northern counterpart, the Sea of Illusion, this sea was known for its calm and peaceful nature. It was home to several tiny island nations that had formed a pact, providing protection for one another in times of need. Though not technically classified as a kingdom, their alliance held strong and allowed them to thrive in the midst of chaos. These islands were shrouded in mystery, with very little known about their customs and way of life. Outsiders were rarely welcomed, and those who did visit were only allowed during the annual festival that brought together all the kings from neighboring lands. The main city where the festival took place was called Berknath, known as the heart of the Pact of Gilneshka. Beyond its gates lay a forbidden world that few had ever seen. Occasionally, drunken tourists would attempt to venture beyond the walls after bribing shady locals who claimed they could sneak them in undetected. But these foolish attempts always ended in disaster, with the visitors never to be seen again. When worried loved ones tried to seek help from authorities, they were turned away and told that their missing family or friends never existed in the first place. The islands held secrets that were meant to stay hidden, and anyone foolish enough to seek them out paid a steep price for their curiosity. The eastern road leading into the Kingdom of Alvalice is a well-maintained path, kept safe by vigilant sentries posted along its route. Merchants and travelers alike travel this road, their footsteps echoing off the surrounding trees as they make their way towards the kingdom's bustling markets and grand castle. The road is always busy, from the first rays of sunrise to the last hints of sunset, with caravans of goods and people passing through.



At the end of this important road lies another great kingdom, Kagilka. This neighboring nation is Alvalice's main trade partner, their mages renowned for their powerful magic. In contrast, Alvalice boasts the best warriors and archers in all the lands, while the kingdom of Fereldian prides itself on its impressive siege weapons and heavily armored machines. These towering structures are crafted from enchanted metals mined deep within the earth, capable of spewing fire that cleanses any who dare oppose the kingdom's rules. As they rumble along on giant metal wheels, these imposing machines leave a trail of destruction in their wake. The very ground trembles beneath them, yet they navigate effortlessly through the dense rainforest that surrounds their kingdom. And so, the three powerful kingdoms continue to thrive, each boasting its own unique strengths and contributions to the world.



Kagilka, a kingdom shrouded in magic and ruled by the powerful red mage Dagarth. Only those with red magic have the ability to wear the crown, a sacred ritual that fuses it to their skull and grants them immortality from age but not illness. The crown also grants immense power over the magical golems that guard the lands and people. These golems were birthed by the original founder of Kagilka, after whom the kingdom is named. He was a powerful red mage who despised non-magic users, creating an army of unstoppable golems to protect his reign. The kingdom has a strict hierarchy based on magic type, with red mages at the top. But there can only be one red mage alive at a time, as they are deemed too powerful to coexist. The chosen ruler is either nominated during their lifetime or determined through a rare ancient ritual that grants them the status and powers of a red mage. Below them are white and black mages, revered for their ability to heal and cause destruction respectively. They are given special permission to live and work within the castle walls, considered elite members of the king's council.



Next in line are the green mages, the working class of Kagilka. They make up the majority of the population and are tasked with maintaining everyday tasks such as farming, mining, and running shops for the people. Their magical abilities are limited to mundane tasks like conjuring small flames or filling a mug with water. Though some may aspire to become white or black mages, red magic is only inherited at birth or through the ancient ritual. As for those outside of Kagilka, magic is feared due to Dagarth's strict rule on not allowing any magic user to leave his kingdom. Those who show signs of magical abilities are kidnapped and forced to live within its walls. While some may grow accustomed to this way of life, others long for freedom and a chance to use their magic without fear. These "Wild Mages" become mercenaries for hire, doing odd jobs to survive and blending into society to avoid being captured.



Though Dagarth may not be inherently evil, his strict rule on magic has created a divide between Kagilka and the rest of the world. And for those born with magical abilities outside of the kingdom's walls, it is a constant battle between hiding their powers or risking being hunted down by Dagarth's soldiers. The world was a diverse tapestry of different races, ranging from ordinary humans with their warm skin and varied hair colors, to fearsome orcs with their sharp tusks and brutish strength. However, on this particular continent, the majority of the population consisted of humans - a bustling society of traders, farmers, and warriors. Across the vast oceans lay an island inhabited by elegant and ethereal beings - the Elves. Their pale skin glimmered in the sunlight like diamonds, and their long, pointed ears gave them an otherworldly appearance. They lived in harmony with their ancient forests, where the trees towered above all else and whispered secrets to those who could listen. Seldom did they venture beyond their borders, but when they did, it was with grace and ease.



Below them, in the depths of the earth, dwarf kind worked tirelessly in their massive underground kingdoms, mining for precious gems and crafting intricate weapons and armor. They were skilled craftsmen and fierce warriors, proud of their heritage and fiercely protective of their homes. On the same level as the dwarves resided the goblins - sneaky creatures with greenish skin and beady eyes. While they were not on friendly terms with each other, they managed to maintain a fragile peace to avoid utter destruction. Whenever tensions rose between them, a special committee was formed to handle disputes and maintain order. But above all these races loomed the powerful and territorial elves who fiercely protected their land from any outsiders who dared to venture beyond the safety of their underground caverns. The elf's ruled over their forest kingdom with an iron fist, showing no mercy to those who dared enter without permission. Any who ignored their warnings were quickly whisked away into the depths of the woods, never to be seen again.



The elves had a deep dislike for the Holy Order of the Flame - a group of humans who worshiped a false god. In contrast, the elves believed in Athwyin, their own goddess who was said to be the protector and mother of their kind. It was said that her blessing granted them innate abilities to wield magic and live forever, allowing them to thrive in their forest home. However, this blessing could also be taken away - any elf labeled an outcast would lose their immortality and magical gifts, banished from the elven lands and forced to fend for themselves in the world. Among the mountains of their home resided the brutal Ogres - towering creatures standing at least 20 feet tall with thick, matted hair covering their bodies. The biggest among them was the ruler, a massive hulking being standing over 50 feet tall. In ogre society, strength and brute force were greatly valued, and anyone could challenge the ruler's right to rule through combat. The battles took place at the top of a massive volcano, which they worshipped as a god. The loser either died in combat or was thrown into the raging lava below, a sacrifice to appease their deity.



The vast continent of the humans was christened by the original founders of the three kingdoms of Alvalice, Fereldian and Kagilka; a name they dubbed Zeith. The ruling king of Alvalice bestowed this title upon the land, while the elves and other inhabitants of the neighboring continent never gave an official name for theirs. However, many have come to refer to it as Aslanda, meaning Land of Mystery. Despite their differences, these three kingdoms have maintained a semblance of peace among each other. They allow for trading between their lands and offer special permission for travelers to come and go freely. Aslanda exports rare wood from their ancient trees, coveted by ship makers for its unparalleled strength- stronger than steel but exceedingly expensive and difficult to cut. These valuable planks are carefully crafted in the Elven kingdoms and only fully finished products leave their borders, as they hold tight to their trade secrets.



In return, they rely on imports of metals from Fereldian, the only two ports in Zeith controlled by Alvalice. These metals are used to construct the finest ships in the world, combining both elven craftsmanship and Fereldian resources. While their land army may not be intimidating at first glance, they are highly skilled and well-equipped fighters. But it is their naval power that truly sets them apart from other kingdoms. With expertly crafted ships and advanced weaponry, they reign supreme on the seas. They use their superior naval skills to outmaneuver enemies both on land and sea, bombarding their adversaries with precision and sinking any ship deemed a threat. However, despite their dominance on the waters, there is one ruler who holds sway over all maritime affairs; a mysterious figure known simply as "King of the Sea." Little is known about him except that he commands great respect and fear from those who cross his domain. The only ones who have ever laid eyes on him and lived to tell the tale are the rulers of the three kingdoms, who must meet with him in order to secure safe passage through his waters.



For 743 years, humans have inhabited this world. Despite being the youngest race, they make up over 60% of the population, a fact that was not always true. It was only when a great war broke out between the three kingdoms and the elves that humans rose to power. Combining their might with the advanced technology of Fereldian, the powerful ships of Alvalice, and the ancient magic of Kagilka, the humans were able to defeat the elves and claim dominance over the continent. Once rulers of the entire above-ground world, the elves were forced to retreat to their current location. Below ground, dwarves and goblins held their own territories while the seas were ruled by a powerful sea king. Together, these races maintained a delicate balance of power. But everything changed when humans appeared on the scene.



Some believe that humans are a genetic mutation, an anomaly in an otherwise harmonious world. Others speculate about their true origins, but no one knows for sure. What is certain is that humans quickly became the major traders and wielders of power in this world. Their language has become the main form of communication and time measurement for all trade dealings. The other races still maintain their unique languages, but they have fallen out of use through the ages. Only a few elders hold onto this knowledge and attempt to pass it down to future generations, but most do not bother with it as the human language reigns supreme. In fact, those who speak another language around humans are often met with suspicion or deemed untrustworthy, as some less-than-savory individuals may use non-human languages to conceal their intentions in public.

In the prestigious schools of Mavlon, each race has their own unique version of the story about their shared world. The tale you are about to read follows a young human male named Zell. His story is a fascinating one, for he possessed a mind unlike any other of his kind. He saw the world with a different light, and his understanding and perception often set him apart from his peers. Zell's origins were shrouded in mystery, as he was raised on a farmstead in the sprawling meadows of Alvalice. These fields were not only known for their picturesque beauty, but also for providing essential resources to the kingdom - grains, meat, horses, and livestock. Zell's foster parents had been farming this land for generations, passing down their knowledge and skills through the ages. Their horses may not have been the most highly sought after in the kingdom, but they were strong, sturdy animals bred for power rather than speed. The rare horse that displayed qualities of both would fetch a high price, but Zell's family did not rely on these sales alone. Instead, they reserved their best horses to sell directly to the king and his men. It was a profitable business, and one that brought honor to their name and reputation in the kingdom.



Amidst the tranquil surroundings of their farm, Zell's 21st birthday was being celebrated by his doting parents. From a young age, they had recognized his thirst for adventure and ambition for more. Despite their best efforts to provide for him, they were not wealthy farmers and could only afford the bare necessities. As Zell sat at the handcrafted wooden table, it wobbled slightly as he shimmed another piece of wood under the leg to stabilize it. This simple yet functional table epitomized the way he lived - always finding solutions and making do with what he had. Blessed with an innate talent for both craftsmanship and intellect, Zell was seen as a prodigy by many. However, he always downplayed his abilities, a result of years of hiding his intelligence from bullies who teased him for teaching himself how to read and write. Instead of joining in on after-school games and chores, he would stay late studying in secret. It was during one particular year that he was fortunate enough to have a retired captain from the King's army as his teacher. Choosing a peaceful life away from battle, the former soldier now imparted his love for history onto young minds like Zell's. The boy would eagerly absorb every bit of information like a sponge, constantly peppering his teacher with questions that went beyond the understanding of other students.

YouTube

The teacher observed as Zell endured daily torment from the same group of boys. They would hold him down and physically harm him, but Zell never backed down or showed fear. He stood strong and faced his bullies head on, even if it meant getting injured. This resilience was a double-edged sword for Zell - while it allowed him to face adversity, it also led to impulsive decisions with potentially serious consequences. His refusal to back down also stemmed from a desire to learn and adapt, but it often put him in dangerous situations. In this specific instance, despite being taunted and attacked by the bully, Zell remained calm and even smiled through the pain. When an opportunity presented itself, he used his quick thinking and physical abilities to turn the tables on his attackers, leaving them beaten and defeated. But this act of retaliation also highlighted Zell's inclination towards violence and his lack of control over it. As the dust settled and the bully cried out in pain with broken bones, Zell's victory was tinged with regret. He had once again demonstrated his strength and intelligence, but at what cost? Would he ever be able to find a non-violent solution to his problems or would violence always be his go-to response? These were the questions that troubled both the teacher and Zell himself as they locked eyes after the chaotic incident in the classroom.



Eventually, the teacher steps in and stops the fight, checking on the injured boys. "Both of you need to go to the medical ward right away," he instructs them. Then turning to Zell, he sternly scolds him. "And you, we will discuss your actions after school today." As Zell watches the two students who helped carry the injured boys out of the classroom, he smirks and takes a seat at his desk while his classmates clean up the mess caused by their fight. The rest of the school day passes without any major incidents. Zell's mind wanders as he ignores his schoolwork, wondering what the teacher has in store for him after school. When the final bell rings and students start to leave, Zell remains at his desk until he is alone with the teacher in the classroom. The teacher closes the door before speaking softly to Zell.



"You have a gift, Zell. There is something special inside of you," he says, placing a hand on Zell's shoulder. "The way you moved in that fight with those boys, the way you endured their attacks in order to study their movements - barbaric as they may have been - showed qualities that I rarely see in my students. In my years as a captain of the King's army, I have trained thousands of men, but few possess your natural talent." He steps away from Zell and walks slowly towards one of the desks, sitting down next to him. The young Zell in his teens was taken under this teacher's wing, receiving training and guidance to refine his fighting style. Unfortunately, Zell only had one year with him before he passed away from an illness. But even with just basic training, Zell has become a skilled fighter who can hold his own. In addition to his daily chores, he trains himself by pulling wagons used for the farm's horses to build his strength and running alongside the horses as they frolic in the open meadows. Years of hard work and dedication have led to this moment - Zell's 21st birthday. It is time for him to leave his foster parents' home and pursue a life outside the confines of the farm. He will go to the city of Alvalice to train with the King's army and join their ranks, bringing honor to his parents.



Zell's mother sets a rustic homemade cake on the table in front of him as his father takes a seat next to him. His mother sits at the opposite end and motions for Zell to join them. "Happy Birthday, Zell. Your father and I are so proud of you," she says with a smile. "While we both wish for you to stay with us, we know that there is something inside you, something that the world needs. You will be the one the world has been waiting for. You're brilliant and an excellent fighter, taught by the king's retired captain before his unfortunate passing from illness."



His father speaks up, cutting off his wife. "You have also been an excellent son. My wife and I have always treated you like our own blood." He stands up and signals for his wife to follow suit. They exchange looks and nod at each other. His father briefly leaves the room and returns with something wrapped in an old, dirty cloth. "We don't make enough for luxury items, but your mother and I have been saving since the day you started training with your teacher. We can see how much your mind craves more. So, we got you a birthday gift." As he slides the object across the table, Zell can hear metal clinking inside. He quickly unwraps the cloth to reveal a simple short sword.



"I know it isn't much, but it was all we could afford for you," his father says, looking at him expectantly.



Zell grabs the handle of the sword and lifts it into the air with his right hand. The weight is not perfect, but it feels well-made enough. It's a perfect starting weapon for someone like him. As he sets it back on the table and stands up, he walks slowly towards his father, tears filling both their eyes. They embrace in a big hug and Zell starts crying along with his father. "Thank you, father. Thank you, mother. I know how much you had to sacrifice to get this for me. You two are my parents, regardless of blood. I will take this sword and I will go to the city," Zell says with determination as he breaks the embrace. His mother joins her husband in holding him close.



Zell takes the sword once again into his hand, not having a place to store it when not in use. He just holds onto it tightly. His parents look at him with pride shining in their eyes. Zell takes the small cake, big enough for one person, and splits it three ways, giving a bite to each of them. They all eat together, and while the flavors are simple, it tastes good. After giving his parents one last hug and seeing their tears, Zell stands firm and proud as he steps towards the door. "I love you both. I will be back. I will bring riches and fame to our home." With a final look at them, he turns around and heads for the door. As he stands in the open doorway of his home, Zell takes a step outside like he has done thousands of times before, but this time, they may be his last steps at his childhood home. 



With a practiced ease, Zell unhooks one of the workhorses from its stable post and attaches an old, worn saddle to its back. The saddle has a convenient spot for his sword, even though it wasn’t meant for it. He climbs onto the horse and clicks his heels against its sides as he takes hold of the reins. Trotting past his childhood home and seeing his tearful parents in the window, Zell nods to them before picking up speed on the horse. Despite being a workhorse, this one has experience and endurance, allowing Zell to gallop out of his parents' land and into an open meadow with flowers in full bloom. The afternoon sun warms him as he looks ahead at the high walls of Alvalice in the distance, realizing that this is the farthest he has ever been from home.



As time passes and the initial thrill fades, homesickness sets in for Zell. However, he is determined to keep going - this is what he wanted. He remembers all the sacrifices his parents made to afford even a basic sword for him and realizes they were right about him being different from others. All he knows is that there is a drive inside him, pushing him forward like some invisible force that has always been guiding him since birth. As the sun begins to set and Zell is still a day's ride away from the city, he starts to feel hungry. Having left in such a hurry, he didn't bring any extra supplies with him. He scans the open meadow for a place to make camp but finds no trees or shelter in sight. The only animals around are small prey like rabbits and foxes, which he wouldn't be able to catch with just a small sword and an old workhorse. Realizing that his horse needs water and food too, Zell continues on his journey. But soon enough, exhaustion catches up to him and he starts to doze off on the horse's back. His grip on the reins loosens and he nearly falls off but quickly regains his balance and continues onward. The chill of the night air sends a shiver down his spine as he finally reaches the city walls, grateful to have made it through the night.



The moon shone brightly in the night sky, casting a silvery glow over the meadows. Moon Flowers were scattered throughout, their dim white light adding to the mystical atmosphere. It was said that those who encountered these flowers on a moonlit night were blessed with good fortune on their journey. Zell, however, did not believe in such superstitions. As his horse slowly trots through the field of flowers, Zell can't help but admire the beauty around him. The ground is illuminated by the soft light of the Moon Flowers, and it's a breathtaking sight even for someone who doesn't believe in luck. Lost in thought about his upcoming trip to the city, Zell tries to distract himself from his hunger and lack of supplies.



Suddenly, he hears a faint singing sound and his ears perk up. He stops his horse and closes his eyes, focusing on the direction of the sound. It seems to be coming from ahead of him, so he urges his horse forward. As he gets closer, he sees a young girl sitting in the field with her horse grazing next to her. Intrigued, he observes her from a distance. The girl has long black hair that shines under the light of the Moon Flowers. Her voice is soothing as she sings, and her attention is focused on weaving together a wreath with the flowers. She stops when she hears Zell's horse approaching and turns to face him.



Zell stays mounted on his horse but prepares for any danger by placing his hand on his sword handle. The girl stands up and brushes off her simple white robe, revealing a pair of daggers attached to her belt. Her hunting bow and arrows are also nearby on her horse. She speaks cautiously to Zell, asking who he is as she reaches behind her back to grip her hidden weapons. Zell remains calm and maintains a distance from her while taking in her appearance under the moonlight. She is a human around his age, with long black hair tied together with Moonflower ties. Despite the potential threat, Zell can't help but notice her beauty and the fact that she is around his height. Leaving his sword still in the saddle of his horse, Zell dismounts and stands with his arms at his side. He has been trained in hand-to-hand combat by his teacher, and he is ready to defend himself if needed.



“I'm Zell, son of horse farmers from the kingdom. I'm headed to the city to make a name for myself.” His words were well-spoken and rehearsed, but they elicited a small giggle from the girl in front of him. Startled by her reaction, he drops his guard as she does the same. Her hands release the daggers she had been hiding behind her back, and she brings them to her front, clasping them together before giving a small bow. Zell can't help but notice how her black hair falls over her shoulder as she straightens up again.



“I'm Avaria, daughter of the chief of the Huntsman Clan in these meadows.” She smiles at Zell with soft lips, causing his heart to beat faster and his palms to sweat. As he wipes them on his pants, she can see his nervousness. Bringing her hand to her mouth to hide her amusement, she speaks again.



“Well then, Zell, the horse farmer. I wish you luck on your journey and success in the city.” She bows once more, letting her hair fall over her shoulder before brushing it away again. Picking up the wreath she had been working on, she sits back down on the ground and resumes her work while humming a joyful tune. Meanwhile, Zell stands there looking back at his horse and feeling his stomach growl. Clutching it in hunger, Avaria stops her work again but remains seated. Looking up at him with a grin, she comments, “For someone heading to the city, you don't seem very prepared for the journey ahead.” She gestures towards the direction of the city, its walls barely visible in the darkness with torches lining its top like a beacon for weary travelers.



“Actually, I have some leftover food from today's hunt if you'd like it.” She points towards her horse who is lying down and still chewing on some flowers. Next to the horse is her pack, and she stands up and brushes off the grass and dirt before heading to it. Bending over, she rummages through her pack and pulls out some dried meats wrapped in leaves and twine. Tossing it to Zell, she sits back against her horse who neighs but remains lying down and continues working on her wreath.



Zell quickly catches the food and wastes no time in devouring it. Avaria watches him with a hint of disgust mixed with amusement. “My, you must be famished.” She pauses for a moment to point to her flask of water. “I'm sure you and your horse are thirsty.” Zell carefully approaches her, avoiding stepping on the circle of flowers that Avaria had picked around herself while sitting. Kneeling down, he takes the flask from her hand and brings it to his lips. The cool water soothes his parched tongue and throat. He saves some for his horse and walks over to it as it lies down, its old body not used to such long journeys. Carefully pouring water into its mouth, Zell tries to give it enough to make it through the night. He shakes the flask to show that it's empty before returning it to Avaria.



She gestures for him to take a seat, saying, "Come sit with me. I'm making a Moon Flower wreath for my sick grandmother in the city. Unfortunately, her age is catching up to her and she won't be with us for much longer." As Zell settles into his seat, he listens to her words which have a soothing effect on him. Her confident tone instills a sense of calmness within him.



She hands him a few flowers that weren't suitable for the wreath and their hands brush against each other. He notices how soft her skin feels, and her smile emanates warmth and comfort, almost like a mother's love. The moonlight shines down on one of the flowers, casting a dim white glow on Zell's face as he takes a sniff. The scent is sweet yet earthy, with a hint of something unfamiliar. She watches as he examines the flower closely.



"These are Moon Flowers," she explains, "they are believed to bring good luck to travelers who see them when the moon is bright in the sky. That's why I'm here, making this wreath for my grandmother in hopes that it will aid in her recovery." She goes back to working on the wreath, occasionally placing it on her head to check its size. Zell observes her skilled hands carefully weaving the stems together with just enough force to bend them without breaking.



"My grandmother taught me how to weave these flowers," she continues, "they require delicate touch, or they will break." Zell tries to mimic her movements but ends up snapping the stems with too much pressure. Frustrated, he picks two more flowers and attempts again, but with the same result. She giggles once more and kneels down next to him, guiding his fingers with hers to twist the stems together gently. Her gaze fixed on his hands as he studies each movement needed to successfully twist the stems without breaking them.



Handing him a string of flowers, she encourages him to try again. Her joyful expression and motherly aura make Zell feel like a child learning from his mother. He picks a few more flowers but ends up breaking them all in the process. His face turns red with embarrassment and annoyance as he hates failing. She calmly picks up the broken stems and holds the flower to the sky, blowing softly on it and causing its seeds to scatter into the air like twinkling stars under the moonlight.



Zell watches in awe as he whispers, "Beautiful."



She giggles once again, "Yes, it truly is. It's rare for the moon to be so bright that it causes the flowers to glow like this." 



As he looks back at her, she already has made a small clump of flowers with their stems perfectly twisted together, as she leans close to him, his heart beating faster as he feels thumping it in his throat, as her hand comes near his face as he gulps. Closing his eyes he feels her soft hand run alongside his head, tucking his short brown hair behind his ear, as she sticks the flower bundle behind his ear. She leans back to see his eyes closed and lips puckered, she can’t help but giggle again at the face he is making. “Open them silly.” As he does, she points to the flower bundle she stuck behind his ear with a slight giggle as she covers her mouth with her hand. “This will bring you luck tomorrow.” she says before moving back against her horse again to work on the wreath some more. 



“So, what’s the city like?” Zell asks Avaria, his words and eyes filled with curiosity. She continues to work on her wreath for her grandma as she speaks to him. “I am not sure really; tomorrow will be the first time I ever went past the gates. I was never allowed to go in past the gates as my father forbids it for any of those not given permission to from the Huntsman Elder. But because my father is a busy person, he can’t go to the city to check on my grandmother. So, he sent me, he wasn’t happy, but he understood why I wanted to go.” 



Zell leaning forward sitting on the ground with his legs crossed under him as he turns to face her, his hands picking at the flowers idly. “Why wouldn’t he let you go inside, past the front gate?” His eyes meet her hands as he watches them carefully, as she speaks, he mimics her movements trying to tie the flowers together.



“He said it was too dangerous for me to go alone. But I am the best hunter in the clan, I can take care of myself.” Her words almost turn to anger, “I understand he wants to protect me, but just because I am a woman he thinks I’m a moonflower.” as she says that Zell’s attempt causing the stem to break. “Like a moon flower.” Zell whispers staring at the broken stems in his hands. 



She nods sighing pausing her work momentarily on the wreath, “My father just cares for his little girl, but he needs to learn that his little girl isn’t little anymore, she’s grown up.” her words turn back to calm as she goes back to work on the wreath. “I need to head to the hospital in Alvalice that’s where she is, then back home. Those were my orders from my father, I wanted to explore the city, but he wouldn’t let me.” sighing again her eyes and smirk turn to a playful smirk as she pulls out a small bag of coins from under her pack next to her. “I saved up some gold, I’m going to buy myself something. I am a woman after all, I deserve something nice every now and then.” sliding the pouch of coins back under her pouch going back to her work on the wreath her head moves from side to side almost in a mocking way as she speaks about in inequality she has to endure.



“What are you going to buy Avaria?” Zell asks he still focuses on the flowers a small pile of broken ones have formed at his side from all the failed attempts. His focus mostly on the flowers in his hands, he won’t be defeated by a flower. “I mean what does a girl want?” his focus still on the flowers in his hands. She looks at him and giggles at the small pile that has formed at his side of broken flowers. “Well, I’m not sure yet. Maybe a nice outfit or new bow? I hear the food the is BEST in all the lands, famous chefs from all over set up shop in the city. Being the central trade hub of the continent and all. They get wealthy merchants who trade with the shops there as they use that wealth to spend on the food of these chefs.” her mouth starts to water as she talks about the food. “They have cakes taller than a horse! Exotic fruits and veggies from all over! The meat so cooked perfectly that it falls off the bones as you pick it up.” her thoughts lost with food that she doesn’t pay attention and snaps one of the stems. She looks down at it, the broken stem falls through her fingers landing softly on the ground as he chuckles to her, her face squeezes turning red, as she throws the broken flower at him softly hitting his face. 



“Meanie.” she pouts going back to her work on the wreath. Zell smirks as he twists two stems together, splitting barely. Holding it up, “I did it!” as she looks at it her eyes show a sign of approval and look a mother gives to a child who put their own shoes on. A small snap of the stem is heard as it breaks fully splitting up the center of the stem as both half’s fall to the ground in front of him, his face and arms still in the air his eyes slowly water as he grits his teeth, she can’t help but let out a hardy belly laugh as the look on his face is priceless. His jaw dropping, his eyes in shock, his face turning red with embarrassment more than anger. Ignoring her loud laughing he picks to more flowers working them together again, snapping. Wiping the tears from her eyes from laughing she looks at him her laughs slowly settling down as she regains her original composer “Thank you, I haven’t laughed like that in a while. I needed that.” setting the wreath down at her side in its finished state, Zell focused on the flowers in his hand still the pile even bigger now. The area around him baren of any flowers as he cleared of all Moon Flowers. Her eyes look with endearment as she crawls to him, taking his chin in her hand his eyes look up. Leaning closer she plants a gentle soft kiss on his cheek. “Thank you, I mean it.” she whispers pulling away. Turning away from him to grab some cloth from her pack to wrap the wreath up securely as she sets it carefully into her pack as to not damage the delicate flowers she just worked hard to put together.



Zell, out of flowers looks at the big pile of broken flowers next to him, their combined glow like a little light that illuminates the small area around the pile. Watches as she rolls her bedroll and blanket with practiced movements. Gently landing on the ground as she crawls over it to smooth out the rough spots, her horse lays its head down in the cool meadow made of flowers, rolling onto its side to sleep. His horse had at some point walked over to hers laying down next to hers as well their bodies cuddling together. Watching from his spot in the grass as she crawls under the tattered handmade blanket having moon flowers made of string woven into the blanket, her head rest against the belly of her horse. Closing her eyes her soft lips move to whisper words to Zell. “Goodnight Zell, thank you again for tonight.” her body relaxes as she pulls the blanket up her shoulders, falling fast asleep with ease. Zell watches her for a moment before standing up, his knees in pain from sitting crossed legged for too long, stretching his body hearing a few creaks from his joints before laying down a few feet from her on the cold ground, his back to her as he lays on his side. His hands under his head to form a makeshift pillow, the night breeze chills his bones as he shivers slightly. Avaria’s eyes opening slightly to see him shivering. She smiles warmly at him, standing up as she moves her bedroll next to him, his body scooches over on top of the bedroll his back still to her. Laying next him she lays on the ground but presses her back against his back, the tattered blanket barely covered her, now it barely covers them both. Slowly reaching her arm over his body pulling him closer, her lips move. “Do not be worried, I will keep us warm.” her words like a warm hug as his body warms from hers. 



His mind slows down, her warmth reminding him of home, when his mother would cradle him like this at night when he had a bad dream. As he drifts to sleep, thoughts of his mother and father fill his dreams. A small smile on his face.



In his dreams, Zell is transported back to his childhood home where he lived with his foster parents. He sees the familiar living room, where his mother would hold him when he was scared and his father would teach him the value of hard work. But suddenly, his happy memories twist into a nightmare as he sees his parents being taken away in a cage pulled by horses. The driver, a mysterious figure cloaked in black, ignores their cries for help as they are carried further and further away. Zell tries to run after them, but his legs can't keep up and he is left standing alone, crying for his lost family. As he watches from an outsider's perspective, he sees himself as a young child of 8 years old, then shrinking to 6, then 4, and finally to an infant crying helplessly. He desperately tries to communicate with his younger self, wanting to offer comfort and reassurance, but his words never leave his mouth.



The light around the infant shrinks until it is a mere flicker, as an overwhelming darkness creeps in from all sides. Zell desperately reaches for the infant, but his hands pass through its ethereal form. He refuses to give up, each time straining with all his might to make his arms tangible, but the void continues to engulf them both. Finally, the darkness overtakes the last remaining glimmer of light and swallows the infant whole. The sound of its cries pierces through the emptiness, taunting Zell as he struggles to stand up and follow its haunting wails. But no matter how fast he moves, the sound remains just out of reach, tormenting him with its constant presence. Each step feels like an eternity as he fights against the oppressive darkness that surrounds him. His throat burns with the effort of trying to call out, but no words escape his lips except for hoarse gasps. And then it happens - the crying intensifies until it consumes his entire being, drowning out all other thoughts and senses. He covers his ears in a futile attempt to block out the endless cacophony, but it only grows louder and more piercing. Desperate to escape this nightmare, he opens his mouth to scream for help - but even that basic function has been taken from him by the relentless grip of the darkness. As tears stream down his face, all he can do is surrender to the unending symphony of an infant's cries echoing in his mind, driving him closer and closer to madness.





Agonizing pain spreads through his body, his head pounding with each cry of the infant. His mind is a jumbled mess, unable to even form coherent thoughts as he begs for the agony to stop. Blood courses through his veins, burning and boiling as if it's ready to burst out of his body. He can feel himself changing, growing into something else as the crying continues to intensify. The pain on his face grows, his head feeling like it’s about to explode as the pressure increases. The crying infant gets louder and faster, his head throbs and pulses almost like as if it’s a heartbeat. The blood in his body with each pulse or beat of his heart burns like molten metal, the crying so loud now he can’t even form words in his head. Pressing hard against his head with his hands, begging for it to stop. As the baby cries more and more, his nose and eyes start to bleed the burning blood. His ears growing, changing, his body feels like it wants to burst. As the blood that’s coursing through his veins feels like it’s boiling, his head like a bomb about to go off, he endures the pain, fights back. The infant cries growing still intense, the blood boiling even more new wounds open across his body. The intensity of his pain was unlike anything he had ever felt before. Falling to his knees, his hands still grasping the sides of his head pressing into his skull trying to push back against the pressure he feels. Using what strength, he can find within himself, pushes himself on his feet. His legs feel like liquid, his chest hurts with every breath. The void it self-starts to spin around him, the infant cries somehow grow louder, more intense. His boiling blood finding any way to escape his body, even causing his skin to break open, as fresh wounds oozing from them, blood flows from his eyes down his face leaving a path of burning flesh that fills the air, his ears changing to match his body, his nose and mouth grows, his voice changing into something he’s never heard before. Wounds on his body open more and more, as a river of blood sprays out of him in all directions, spreading his arms out the void rescinds back, the light shines on him again as he watches his shadow grow and morph. His wounds open, his skin peels off landing on the ground around him, as his muscles under his skin start to harden into something else….



“Wake up!” Avaria is shaking him, she wakes up to him shaking violently in his sleep. “Wake up Zell!” he won’t awaken as his body still shakes. Moving away from him, crawling she reacts by reaching into her pack. “I was trying to save this. You owe me Zell.” she pulls out a spherical object covered in paper. With a tiny wick sticking from the top, she pulls out some flint and tinder igniting the wick. It slowly burns as it enters the object. She throws it high as she can up in the air as she kneels down to cover her ears with her hands. It explodes in a loud noise and light filling the night sky with light as strong as the sun. The sound so intense that Zell wakes up, Avaria unclenches herself to see he’s awake. His body covered in sweat as his breathing is very fast. She rushes to him setting his head in her lap, using a part of her robe to clean the sweat from his face. His body still shakes slightly as his breathing slows down. His eyes back asleep as he falls asleep again in her lap. She sighs as she carefully pulling the blanket over his body. She looks up at the moon that has nearly going to bed to give way to the morning sun.



“Zell…what happened to you.” her eyes look back down at his face as she rubs his hair with her soft gentle hand. His face is that of a sleeping child, very innocent. She smiles at him looking at the distance to see the moon starting to fall below the horizon and behind her the morning sun is getting ready to start its own daily journey once again. She lets him sleep until the sun fully peaks above the horizon as the moon flowers are no longer glowing and look like the rest of the flowers, which is why they are also hard to find during the day. The morning sun fills the meadow around them, his eyes twitch and move under his eye lids. Her face with concern as her hands rest on his head and shoulders. 



His eye’s opening slowly to a hazy vision, blinking a couple more times he slowly leans up, her hands fall into her lap warm from his head. She watches as he looks around, stretching his body twisting his upper half to see her behind him, spinning around to sit facing her. Her eyes searching for answers in his, as he looks at her with confusion. “What’s wrong Avaria?” he says with a big yawn. His eyes still waking up, his mouth parched. “You were restless in your sleep. I was woken up to your body as it heated up and started to sweat almost like you had an illness. I tried to wake you up, but you wouldn’t I got scared for you, then like nothing at happened your body returned to normal, and you feel asleep in my lap.” her eyes searching his face.



Rubbing the back of his neck and trying to get the crick out of his neck his eyes slowly waking up, “I don’t know what you're talking about, but I did have this strange dream.” as he explains to her what it was about, she rubs her chin. As she looks at him, “Well, you scared me that’s all. I just met you, be my luck you die next to me.” she shakes her head as she giggles to herself to hide the truth of her being scared. 



He slowly stands up as his legs are stiff, doing some daily stretches he does every morning she looks up at him. He offers her his hand; she takes it with a warm smile. Her heart skipping a beat as she feels his worn-down hands, the callous and scars from the years of hard work on the farm. Her’s soft as silk, while she does hunt and fight on her own. She hasn’t had to survive like he did, she had a whole clan to help support each other. Making her way to her feet, letting go of his hand she shakes thoughts like that out of her head. Her big smile from before shows itself. The horses also waking up standing to their feet, she gathers up her bedroll and blanket putting them back in their place within her small pack she carries. The pouch of gold that was hidden under the bag tucked under her robe as she attaches it to her belt under her robes. 



Zell catches a sneak peak of the clothing under it, simple leather pants and leather shoes cover her feet. The white robe she wears stained with dirt and grass from the night of flower picking. Securing the pack to her horse’s saddle, he with no such thing instead choosing to climb onto his horse shortly followed by her. As he sees she’s skilled with the horse he smiles. “I see you know how to ride.” his smile wide with joy. She smiles back and nods patting her hunting bow that’s attached to the saddle as well. “My father taught me; he was one of the best horse riders in the lands. Also skilled at archery from horseback, a hard skill to learn I might add.” She giggles as she clicks her heals against the horse taking off towards the city. Zell smirks as he watches her trot off, looking back south to where his home lies then smiling. “I’ll be back, I promise.” he then directs his horse and follows Avaria catching up to her. Making small talk as they follow a path he didn’t see before.



"Hold on! There was a path?" he exclaims, looking down at the ground in surprise. The horse hooves stepping in sync as he rides next to her on his horse. “Yea, you didn’t miss it though. Funny enough where you found me is where it ends or starts depending on how you see it. We never go farther south than the path. Sadly, the best Moon Flowers are there so I have to be careful.” she explains to him, her hand rubbing the side of her horse as it almost seems to neigh with happiness.



“You and your horse are well bonded; it was a rare thing to see on the farm. We never had time to bond with them before they were sold off to help pay for the farm.” He says as he does the same thing to his horse, the horse doesn’t respond like hers though. She giggles at him, “Yea Lucia and I have been through a lot, I learned to ride her at the age of 5. She is getting older, but I don’t mind taking things more slowly. Let’s me take in the beauty that’s around us.” A gentle breeze blows across the vast meadow of flowers as they move with the wind almost revealing itself. It’s beautiful and mesmerizing to witness. Birds flying above as they soar high into the air, the small critters on the ground scurry along the flowers to help hide them from the birds above. 



“So, Zell, tell me about yourself? Why do you seek the fame that you chase?” she asks.



He thinks for a moment before responding to her question, “Ever since I was a kid I wanted more, more knowledge, more power. I want to be strong and provide for my parents, well foster parents. I do not know my real ones.” his thoughts to them as he pauses before speaking again. “My foster parents found me alone in the meadows, I was an infant at the time when they found me. The only thing they could find was the blanket I was wrapped in had the symbol of Alvalice.” she interrupts him. “What ever happened to it? The blanket. It would have been useful.” she giggles to herself. His face looks at her with sadness but also annoyance as he clears his throat to continue, “As I was saying, they raised me on their horse farm, saving up enough money to send me to the local school nearby the farm. My whole life in school I was bullied for being different. They mocked me, pinned me down, beat me up. All I could do was endure the pain from them.” she nods to him; she can’t empathize with that as she never had to endure that kind of hardship. “Then one year I had this teacher who was an ex-captain of the king’s army. He witnessed me being attacked in his class one day but the usual school bullies, and though he tried to intervene, I refused his help. I purposefully endured the blows until I learned their violent tactics, which he described as barbaric. He took me under his wing after that for a year until he succumbed to illness. Though our time together was short, the training he gave me helped me grow stronger and defend those who took me in when I was left for dead. It was my 21st birthday yesterday, and today I've decided to venture out on my own. My parents sacrificed and saved up to buy me this sword that I now carry with me.”



Patting the sword that’s in a makeshift spot in the saddle of his horse; her eyes looking down at her own horse. The words process in her mind, “You were shaking in your sleep, something about an infant. Your story reminded me of it.” her head looks up and then turns to him, the horses still trotting towards the city. “My life is more boring than that, born into the Huntsman Clan I was raised with a loving family and friends. Working together we never struggled, but we survived. Our clan hunts in the meadow and forest to the west given special permission from the king himself. We sell the pelts to wandering traders as they pass us, the rest get stocked up and once a month they travel to the city walls to try and sell their stock.”



As they continued their small talk, the morning sun transformed into a scorching afternoon heat. The towering walls of the city loomed closer as they made their way towards the gate, revealing a bustling scene of people and activity within. Traders and merchants clamored outside the walls, offering their goods at inflated prices to unsuspecting travelers. The pristine white walls were adorned with vibrant flags bearing the emblem of the city, fluttering gently in the breeze. The sounds of the city grew louder as they approached, a symphony of voices and bustling activity. At the gates, heavily armored guards atop majestic horses stood watch, eyes trained on all who entered and exited through the south gate.



“Wow! So many people.” Zell exclaims as they come to stop shortly into the city walls, buildings taller than trees in the forests nearby cover the land. Cobblestone roads and paths for carts and people to walk on to navigate the giant city. “It looks so much bigger on the inside.” Avaria says with a smile in her words. With each step, the city unfolds before you. The hustle and bustle of merchants and shoppers fills the streets, their horses moving at a slow and steady pace. Guards in shining armor patrol the roads, their presence a reminder of the city's security. The shops are bursting with life, every inch filled with colorful goods and trinkets. It is a stark contrast to the peaceful meadows they had left behind. As they venture deeper into the city, the crowds grow thicker and more chaotic. Yet, the horses continue on, navigating through the maze of bodies without hesitation. They arrive at the south side within the heart of Alvalice - a bustling square adorned with a towering water fountain at its center. The air is filled with the sound of children playing and adults shopping for their necessities.



On the northern side of the square stands a grand building that houses the royal family and their guard. The massive metal gates bear the crest of the kingdom and stand as a barrier to those who are not welcome within. Behind these gates lies a path leading up to the main steps of the castle. Heavily armored guards line the path, their metallic armor reflecting the sunlight like polished mirrors. They stand tall and stoic, ever vigilant for any signs of danger. The castle itself reaches towards the sky, its white walls glistening in the sunlight. Flags adorn its walls and turrets, representing different parts of the kingdom. The unique white color of Alvalice is due to its close proximity to the sea, which can also be tasted in the metallic tang that lingers in the air.



To the west the path leading to the west gate, past the square on that side of town the less fortunate are housed. The streets are lined with beggars and citizens wearing tattered clothing. It was known as Beggar’s Alley to the rest of the city, most of the citizens on this side of the square are refuges made up of adventurers or merchants who wish to make it big but failed. Losing all they own, stuck on the street begging anyone who passes by for even a scrap of food. King’s guards patrol up and down the road but do no move deeper into the section. Deep inside there is said to be a woman who controls the Thief’s guild that was formed long time ago. A certain smell emanates from that direction as the breeze blows into our faces. 



To the east of the square, a bustling pathway can be seen, teeming with merchants and their wares. This is the main trade route on land that leads to Kagilka. The streets are lined with shops of all kinds - blacksmiths, tailors, jewelers, and potion makers. It's a hub for commerce and anything one might need can be found here. This road also serves as the only access point to the docks below the city, known as Port Alvalice - the busiest port in the world. As the road winds behind the grand castle at the center of the city, it is home to many middle-class residents who enjoy its convenient proximity to both their shops and the port. Approaching the north gate that leads out to the bustling docks, one can feel the energy and excitement of this prosperous city.



The path down the side of the cliff was made by a previous merchant who funded it, he also became the mayor of the port his authority second to none other than the king himself. Deacon's ancestors had a legacy in their town: his great-great-great great grandfather not only built and financed the road but also contributed to the development of the port into what it is today, making Deacon a respected figure as the current mayor. Before this they had to travel to the southern port which was more flat and easier to access but the couple days journey from there to Alvalice caused delays in goods. So, because of his family the city was able to prosper more and more. The path although a few hours journey by foot drastically shortened the time to bring goods into the city and continent. To save time and money, as well as greed Deacon’s grandfather-built warehouses to store merchandise as it enters the port. Shop keepers can rent this space for storage to allow them time to carry their goods back and forth or to save room for crates to be loaded onto the ships. His grandfather was a genius when it came to business and taught Deacon’s father and him the tactics he used. The idea was so profitable that his father-built Inn’s at the port for travelers to stay before they leave the port to the sea or up the cliffside to the city. It led to people staying, building houses along the shoreline. The city butts right up the cliffs that the city up top rests on. 



The port city still expands to this day, even some of the older merchant ships left at port tied together to form a network of house boats for people to stay in, the fishermen took to this greatly as they signed a deal with the mayor to allow only fishermen to stay in these boats to free up room on land. Allowing them to work and sleep in the same house, increasing their own profits. Every day they see hundreds of ships and thousands of people. Majority of the wealth and trade enter and leave the port as it never closes. Deacon, wanting to continue the tradition of adding to the port for the next generation of his family, has been in works with the ship builders and engineers to design a ship that doesn’t require wind to sail. Using the metals of Fereldian and the wood of the elves. The engineers of both Fereldian and Alvalice been testing using the metal to form tubes that suck water up and blow it behind the ship propelling it. While the testing has been mostly failures due to the tubes exploding. He hopes to soon have a working prototype to show to the world and his king.



Meanwhile as Avaria and Zell head towards the hospital attached to the square across from the castle on the south side. Zell watches as Avaria gets off her horse and ties to a post outside the doors in the streetside. Gathering her pack from the back of the saddle and tossing the straps over her shoulders as the pack rests on her back. She looks up at Zell, “Well, I guess this is where we part. Where are you going to head Zell? You said you wanted to join the army.”



Zell looks over to the castle gates and then back to her as he nods slightly, “Yea, I want to become stronger, do something.” she looks at the castle then back to Zell as she holds her hand out. Leaning down grabbing the saddle with one hand the other taking hers as he shakes it. She steps back as Zell turns towards the castle gates. Avaria to the doors of the hospital. Parting ways Zell’s horse trots slowly over to the castle gates weaving though the dense crowd some on horseback others walking. As he approaches the guards outside the gate they stand at attention as they wield spears, seeing a man on a horse approach the gates they point their spears in sync as one of them yells, “Halt!”



“This is the castle of our lord Horus, state your intentions horse rider.” The guards on alert but stoic in stance. Zell slows down as the horse comes to a stop a few feet from them, sliding off his saddle and grabbing the reins to keep the horse from running away. Patting the horse on the side of the head as he turns to face the guard who spoke. “I wish to join the King’s Army.” Zell states as he puffs his chest out. The two guards lower their guard returning the spear to standing up as the ends rest on the ground, they both laugh in unison. “You want to join the army huh?” one guard says. The other one leans down as he inspects the boy. “Go back to the farm you came from. We thought we could smell a pile of horse shit walking into the city.” the other guard says with almost a laugh.



Zell’s face turns to annoyance, “I meant it! I wish to join. I seek fame and fortune!”



The guards look at each other their faces feigning looks as Zell smiles at them with his chest still puffed out. “Haha well, you got spirit. Tell you what kid. Let me save you some time, there are many who seek what you seek. Look around, do you see us guards dripping in wealth? Do you see the gold pouring from our pockets.” The other guard speaks up, “Now-now he wants to join, why should we deny him that. I mean whats the best case scenario? He pisses his pants on the first day as he runs home to mommy, or died. Either way, we are rid of him.” As they give looks to each other they both shrug there shoulders, barely visible under the heavy armor. As the more kind guard points towards the east gate. “Head through the gate, to your left you should see the barracks. Talk to the guard at the gate he will guide you from there.” 



Zell looks at the east gate and then to the guards as he nods with confidence. The guards laugh again as they go back to their post. Zell climbs back into the saddle guiding the horse to the east. Walking out of the square the density of people somehow grows as merchants with their own cart and horse with goods in the back to be taken out and into the city, some turning left towards the port. He finds a spot between two carts that are heading towards the gate. Each full of crates with the emblem of the city on each one. Peaking into the carts he can’t tell what they are carrying. The street full of craftsman trying to get customers as they advertise their business. Sounds of the blacksmith hitting his anvil rings with a hypnotic rythum. Clothing and fabric shops full of ladies who are being shown around as the craftsmen boast how they are the best in the city. 



Amidst the bustling street, Zell makes his way smoothly to the east gate, which looks identical to the south gate he entered with Avaria earlier. As he walks down the road, he glances to the left but sees nothing but open space - no signs of any barracks or military presence at all. Frustrated and feeling deceived, Zell pulls off to the side and heads towards the left. Sitting on his horse, he stares out at an empty field and realizes that he was lied to about the army being stationed here. His face contorts with a mixture of embarrassment and anger as he turns around and rides up to one of the guards on horseback standing sentinel at the gate.



"Excuse me!" He calls out. "I was told there were supposed to be barracks here!" But his words fall on deaf ears as the guard remains motionless like a statue on his horse. Growing more annoyed, Zell trots in front of the guard and repeats himself. This time, the guard barely moves his head, his blue eyes peeking out from under the shadow of his helmet. "Move along," he says before returning to his post. Zell angrily runs his hand through his hair - he knows that's all he will get from this guard. He finds a spot to merge into the constant stream of people entering and exiting the gate and heads back inside. As he tries to figure out what to do next, his mind is filled with frustration and anger - he doesn't know anyone here and has nowhere to go.



Taking slow deep breaths, Zell calms himself down and starts heading towards the square again. The only person he can think of is Avaria - "What was her name again?" He racks his brain for a moment before finally blurting out "Avaria!"



To his surprise, he hears a familiar voice call out "Zell!" from the crowd. He spots her horse and sees her making her way through the dense crowd. They both spot each other and he gestures for her to come join him on the side of the road. Maneuvering his horse, Zell meets up with Avaria as she walks through the crowd, ignoring the people yelling at her. They stop on the side of the road and Zell dismounts while Avaria joins him shortly after.



"So, how did your army endeavor go?" She asks as they start walking with their horses.



"Those bastards at the gate lied to me. I don't think they see me as worth it," Zell says with frustration evident in his voice as he clenches his fists.



Avaria frowns and stomps her foot slightly. "Well, they suck. They don't know what they're missing!" She tries to cheer him up, but Zell's head hangs down in defeat. "Well, now I have to go back home," he mumbles dejectedly.



Entering the busy square as the afternoon sun is past it’s halfway point in the sky. She leads them to the fountain the horses following behind them with the reins. Zell looks down at the water, its crystal clear as the breeze blows a few strands of hair around. The sound of the water splashing is downed out by the noise of city. The horses make their own way to the water at the bottom of the fountain they both drink from it. Avaria sits down on the edge of the fountain it’s foundation has built in benches for people to sit and relax at. Setting her pack on her lap as her hands wades through the top of the water. Zell’s face staring back at itsself as her hand causes the reflection to ripple. He looks at her, his hands at his side. 



“What are you looking for?” he asks watching her riffle through her pack, pulling out something thats covered with some cloth. As she unwraps it in her palm setting on top of the cloth is a piece of cake. As she giggles handing it to me, her face blushing a shade of deep red. Zell takes it into her hand, the cake is soft like a fluffy pillow. It has a shean to it as the sunlight hits it as a layer of glaze is covering it. Inside are small pieces of fresh fruits from the mornings arrival. 



Zell looks down at Avaria as a tear forms in his eyes. She just smiles as she looks up with him with a look that's comforting. “Happy late birthday Zell!” She says gesturing her him to eat, he grabs the small piece of cake his hands to big and the cake soft his hands trying to rip it in half gently as he mangles it falling into several pieces. His face turns white as he looks at her, her face mostly unchanged but he can tell she's holding back a laugh.



He picks up several of the smaller pieces of cake, trying to divide it up evenly as he hands her the other half of pieces. Her eyes widen as she opens her mouth. Her hands gesture in the air, “No no! It's for you! I couldn't decide what to spend my money on so I followed my nose!* She presses her finger to her nose as she takes a big sniff. “Seems the old girl still has a nack for snacks.” She keels over with laughter when she realizes that she just rhymes. “I'll have to remember that one.” She speaks to herself wiping the tears of laughter from her eyes. Leaning back up Zell still holding the other half to her.



“Thank you Avaria but this was your money. You were supposed to get something for yourself.” His voice with a bit of sadness to it as his hand still outstretched to her in his palm the cloth with broken pieces of cake on it. Before she can grab the cake as her eyes change to that of surprise and affection. Her hand starts to reach for the cake as her horse butts in and eats the pieces almost taking his hand off.



As he backs away quickly the cloth flying away in the breeze the horse inhaling the cake as both him and her look at the horse who's now pushing its nose into Zell trying to find food. “I'm so sorry Avaria!” Zell says trying to push the horses head, it's nose trying to dig into empty pockets. Then finding the hand that was holding the cake, a bit of glaze stuck to his fingers. The horse sticks it's tounge out licking the fingers. Zell pulling his hand back and up to his chest he flicks his fingers. “Shoo you. Just because you're her horse doesn't mean you get to be rude.” She watches as he berates her horse, and the horse just looks at him with no expression. Zell hears laughing, quiet at first and then growing louder as he hears her fall to ground. She's rolling on the cobblestone street her arms clutched to her chest and her hands to her mouth as her face is so red as she tries to hold back laughing so hard.



“WHAT'S SO FUNNY!” Zell looks down at her on the ground rolling with laughter. His arms at his hips, her horse seizes the chance and then sneaks back into Zell’s pocket. A crowd of people from around as they watch this horse dig into this guy's pocket with a woman lying on the ground with laughter bursting from her belly. 



Zell looks around as his face gets red with embarrassment. His foot stomps like a little kid, she finally stops rolling as her horse loses interest in his pockets to her on the ground nudging her. As she finishes rolling around, laying on her back, the sun shines on her body. A few laughs still escaping as she settles down. The horse nudging her sides. She pats the side of the horse’s head as she stands up, brushing herself off. “Alright, I hear you. I swear you bring truth to the phrase I could eat a horse.” As she says eat a horse the eyes of her horse light up with subtle fear as it backs up. “Yeah, you would eat a horse if you could and still have room you know it.” Leaning over towards the horse her finger taps the horse’s head. Zell could swear he heard the horse say something but shakes his head he must have imagined it.



She turns to Zell her finger still tapping the horses head, “Horses eat for free at the stables outside the gates. The huntsman clan gets free feed for horses, part of the deal we have with the old King Horus over there.” As she points to the castle that he was rejected from. “Don't remind me of that place.” He says with a long face. She looks at him and then her horse and then to him and then her horse. “What's with the long face.” She slaps her knee as her long black hair falls over her head with her body keeling over again. Her hand resting on the side her horse to stable herself as she leans up whipping her hair back behind her head again more tears of laughter wiped away with her hands.



“Man Zell, You and me! We will make an excellent team.” She says her face with a big grin. Her hands are her hips almost posing. The crowd mostly dispersed by this time. Zell looks at her with confusion, “Team? What team? I never agreed to anything. You offered the cake!” He speaks as his face turns red with shying embarrassment.



“Well, you and I are sticking together now!” Walking over to him as she pushes her fist into his shoulder. “Let’s get to the stables so we can feed the horse before she decides to eat you too.” 

As Avaria leads him and her horse to the stables the sun slowly sets on the Kingdom, but in the Kingdom of Kagilka its ruler Dargarth whom is sitting in his office. His advisors sit around him, all bearing the colors of the kingdom. One of the advisors speaks up, “Sir, we have heard rumors of a wild red mage that has been spotted outside of Avalice.”


Dagarth leans back in his chair, the plush velvet cushions his body. He is very young only around the age of 19, he is the youngest red mage who has existed, he was given this position due to his father’s mysterious passing. Last year around the 19th birthday of Dagarth his father signed away him to be his heir, a few days later his father vanished. The courts didn’t know what to do, the golems still protected the city as only the red mage ruler can do that. They knew since the golems where still active that he must be alive, a full year passed as his father never returned.


With that the advisors and members of his counsel all agreed to give the ritual to his son Dagarth.  

**Relic**
The night air cool and crisp as Shay sat on a log at the edge of the cliff’s edge overlooking the dense forest below her. It was the forest of the Forsaken. It was said that a war between two brothers in rival kingdoms fought over a relic said to be help deep in the woods. Both sides hacked and burned their way into the forest driving themselves deeper into it as their minds sink more into madness. Her mind tries to recount the story her grandfather told her.



The wind gently blowing her brilliant ruby red hair as it glitters in the moon light. Thoughts of the story her grandfather creep into her mind as she is just a little girl sitting on the ground of her grandfather’s cabin, the fireplace crackles and pops as the logs slowly burn away. She is not but only 12 years old only 6 years ago to the day, her grandfather in his rocking chair with a blanket that his wife made before she died as a gift to him so she could always be with him. His glassy eyes staring into the flames of the fireplace, his mind recalling the events and life with his wife. Turning his head to shay.



“Where was it, oh yes that’s right.”



Her grandfather starts telling the story, the two brothers only found madness as their greed took over. Ordering their men to cut through the dense forest which only seemed to grow thicker and thicker as they ventured deeper into it. Until one night, a solider had got up to check on a noise he heard while on patrol. Seeing nothing he decides to be bold, being a fresh recruit his body was shaking as he entered the forest alone. The trees and bushes seem to be almost swallowing him, choking him as he went deeper and deeper into the forest. The canopy blocks out what little light was coming in before. 



“What did he find grandpa.” kid shay asks.



Her grandfather clears his throat as he smiles.



“What they have been searching for.”



Continuing with his story he explains that the soldier started to panic and couldn’t find his way back to camp. So, he started yelling and calling out, but the woods were so thick that it muffled his cries, the bushes around him started to move as he drew his sword and put up his shield to defend. A bush would move, and he would stab it, over and over again almost as if something was toying with him. Panicking more the solider swings wildly trying to clear a path. In his haste he trips over a branch as his head hits the ground his shoulder was punctured by a thick branch impaling into his sword arm. The sword clinks against the random debris on the forest ground as he grabs his shoulder. His shield to heavy he throws it away. Looking forward he sees a light, the camp he thinks. He musters up the strength to stand on his feet as he stumbles his way towards the light. Getting closer to it the light keeps an equal distance to the man. Not giving up the solider pushes ahead and splashes into a lake. Not expecting it he trips and falls face first into the lake.



His armor grows heavy as he sinks to the bottom of the lake, running out of air he tries his best to get the armor off him, but his injured shoulder gives him some struggles. Gasping for air water rushes into his lungs as they fill up, his life starts to slowly fade from his eyes as an arm reaches into the water and pulls him up and out. Coughing up water the solider gasps for air to once fill his lungs again. His life returning to his eyes as he’s gently set on the ground. He falls to his knees coughing up more water, turning his head to see what pulled him out was one of the most beautiful women he’s ever seen in his life. The woman who's bathed in a warm white light reaches out to touch his shoulder as the wound slowly heals and scars over. Stepping back from the man she puts her arms in front of her, she’s very frightened.



“Do not hurt me.”



The woman’s tone is one of being scared her words almost shake in fear. The solider gathers himself as he slowly stands to his feet leaning against a tree, he looks at his shoulder and sees the wound is closed. Looking at the woman his breathing still heavy.



“Who are you.”



Before she can answer some torches are seen in the distance along the sounds of men chopping through the forest. They call out my name.



“Graddy! Where are you! Graddy!”



“I’m over here!”



Graddy waves his hands and yells, the other men hear him and tell him to wait as they are coming to him. Graddy looking at the woman her eyes filled with tears, her face with dread and terror. She rushes to him and hugs his arm as her body shakes in fear.



“Do not let them get me. Please, I beg you. Help me…”



Her height is shorter than Graddy’s as he looks down into her eyes. They are a brilliant ruby red, her body is completely naked. He could not tell before due to all the darkness. He looks to her and then to his men coming for him. In a moment of panic, he nods.



“Wait over here, I will come for you in the morning.”



He pushes her down into a nearby bush as he tries his best to cover her, he puts a finger to his lips as he says quietly.



“Shh, don’t make a sound. I will be back in the morning.”



Her eyes tear as it streams down her face, she reaches out to grab him not wanting to leave her alone. He gently removes her hand as he covers her again, he whispers.



“No, please. I promise I will be back for you. They will catch you.”



She nods but clearly doesn’t want him to leave. She crawls deeper into the bush as she disappears into the darkness. Standing up Graddy walks to his mates who are only a few feet away. He explains his situation as they all laugh at him.



“Newbie, what are you doing here late at night. Find yourself a woman. huh huh” one of the men nudges him in the side with his elbow.



Graddy starts to panic quickly comes up with a lie.



“I had to piss ok.”



The man looks down at Graddy and into his eyes examining him see if he’s telling the truth, a bead of sweat drops down Graddy’s forehead. Then the man leans up and belly laughs as he slaps Graddy on the back.



“Sure thing, Graddy, sure thing. Come back to camp, breakfast is soon. We got a new fresh batch of beef in today!”



Graddy swallows with relief as he nods, joining his fellow men they return to camp. The thoughts of the woman weigh on Graddy’s mind.



Returning to camp Graddy joins his men as they head towards the mess tent, the smell of fresh beef and eggs in the air his stomach growls. Entering inside the tent is lively men eating their morning breakfast before heading back into the woods to search for this relic. Cheering and laughing from all around as Graddy and his fellow men gather in the breakfast line Graddy speaks up.



“How long was I gone for?”



The man who found him speaks up.



“No one knows, I was going to relieve you, but you weren’t at your post. So, I gathered a search party to look for you.”



He laughs as he mocks you.



“Getting lost in the woods is something a new recruit shouldn’t be doing. Fuck the King won’t even enter alone. Brave but stupid thing to do you know.”



Graddy sighs, moving in the line with the others gathering his steak and eggs. Gathering some napkins at the end of the line along with some silverware he walks over to an empty table as his mate sits next to him.



“You know Graddy, you're lucky I like you. Remember in training when the captain made you eat mud. Boy we were laughing for days after that.”



Graddy looks at Cabin, his tone of not a joking matter.



“I still taste mud to this day you know.”



Cabin laughs as he takes a big bite of his steak.



“Haven’t had fresh beef in weeks.” Cabin exclaims with happiness in his voice. 



Cabin leans in towards Graddy and says quietly, “You know, I hear this relic thing isn’t a thing, but a person.”



Graddy’s eyes light up as he stops mid chew, “A person…I couldn’t be.” Graddy begins to chew again as he thinks if the woman, he met was what he was talking about. But how, the relic was a legend. Graddy is startled from his thoughts by Cabin speaking.



“But that’s just rumors. I bet there isn’t even anything here. Greedy kings. Go fight this, go fight that.” Food starts to spit out his mouth as he speaks. “But you know what, what about us little guys eh? What do we get? A kick in that ass that’s what, shit on and tossed aside all to appease the king.”



Graddy lowers his body, “Shh, not so loud. You want to be executed.”



Taking another big bite of his steak Cabin speaks up, even more food spits out of his mouth. “Bah, the fat king is too fat to even hear beyond his fat self.”



Graddy sighs as he leans back in the chair his belly full of hot fresh meat. As he closes his eyes to relax images of the woman pop into his head. He panics as he sits up in his chair, getting up he tell Cabin.



“Look, I got to do something I’ll meet you later ok?”



Cabin waves him off as he laughs.



“More food for me then!”



Graddy shakes his head as he leaves the mess tent. Looking around the morning sun shines in the air behind him as in front of him is the opposite a dark forest so dense not even the morning light can shine in more than a few feet. Working his way over to the Quartermasters tent. Inside are hastily made shelving and racks full of swords, shields and armor. Everything they need they have to get from here. Stepping up the counter Graddy sees the Quartermaster sitting behind the counter a blade in one hand with a cloth in the other. 



“I clean every blade, every day. They all have names, connections, feelings. They should be cherished and taken care of.”



Graddy hears the man as he panics, speaking up he asks.



“I am here to requisition a new weapon and shield.”



The quartermaster gently sets his blade he was cleaning on the counter. Grabbing a nearby stack of papers he pulls out on.



“Graddy Mud issued one sword, one shield, one full set of patrol armor. To requisition a new weapon and shield protocol requires the old one.”



Graddy tries to explain what happened, but the quartermaster isn’t listening.



“I suggest you find them then. Or the king will dock one month’s pay.” The quartermaster picks up the blade as he goes back to cleaning it. Graddy hears him loud and clear, he has to go back in defenseless into the woods. Graddy swallows hard as he gathers whatever bravery he has stomping out of the tent he heads back towards the forest edge. Slipping past the morning sentries he makes way to his patrol path, avoiding the current solider. Slipping past he heads into the woods, trying to retrace his steps. It’s almost like the forest has shifted, becoming an endless maze. Behind him the light of the sun slowly fades and replaced with an unnatural darkness. 



Making his way past the branches of the trees and bushes they almost seem to be grabbing him, restraining him. The thin branches like fingers grasping at his ankles, fighting through their attempts stomping each branch. He calls out but remembers he doesn’t know her name. All he can do is try, but as he tries to speak it’s almost as the words are being stolen from his voice. Opening his mouth but nothing comes out, his mind slowly slips. The darkness finding the cracks, slowly filling his mind. Closing his eyes he screams out as he pushes past the barrier of branches. Like a spider web they seem to be clinging to him, slowing him now. His determination drives him, he made a promise. 



After what seems like hours of wandering around in the dark, he feels like his going in circles. His body growing weak, blood dripping from the sharp thorns of the bushes. He drops to his knees, falling on his face his body gives out, his mind weak. The darkness of the forest floor like a mist slowly starts to envelope his body. The madness sinking in, the mist feeling like a rock pinning him to the ground powerless to move. Thinking about how has going to fail the woman who saved him the darkness closing around him, his vision fading he hears a soft feminine voice.



“Follow the sound of my voice.”



It snaps him back to reality as he opens his eyes to see a shadow creature that is hovering above him. As his eyes widen the creature goes to strike at Graddy. Rolling out of the way of the creatures attack its claw empales into the ground. Shaking his head Graddy stands to his feet using a tree to help himself up. The creature void in body but face clear as day, its eyes are dim red flames as it floats across the ground towards Graddy. The creature raises its claw arm up as it walks slowly towards Graddy, snarling and growl as it nears. Graddy looks around in the darkness, but he can’t see past his feet. Panicking Graddy hears the voice again.



“The Sword, grab the sword.”



Graddy looks around and pats his side. Empty.



“I lost it!” Graddy yells out.



The voice calls out again.



“The Sword, grab the sword.”



Graddy getting frustrated exclaims out with his hands. “I lost it!” as the words leave his lips a brilliant white light in the shape of a sword appears in his hand as his sword appears. Gripping the hilt he charges at the creature, his swing going right through the creature. Mocking and laughing at Graddy the creature goes to swing again. Blocking with his sword the claws inches away from Graddy’s face. The strength disappearing from his arms. First with his knees as they buckle beneath him the creatures claw starts to grow as it inches towards Graddy’s face. 



“Get…off…me…”



Graddy pushes back knocking the creature back, taking advantage Graddy swings again. His sword once again phases right through the creature.



“The light, true nature, revealed.”



The feminine voice calls out again as she appears in front of him. Time stopping, the sword glowing with a brilliant light revealing her perfect body to him. It was her, the woman from before. The light revealing every one of her curves, her long flowing ruby red hair. Her soft skin as her hand caresses his cheek. Her steps silent as she walks behind him, pressing her body up against his as her warmth is comforting, like a warm hug from your mother, her innocent voice as she grabs your hand showing you how to use it. Her innocent voice speaks to him in his head, her lips not moving.



“Let the Light Guide you.”



Graddy lowers his guard as the warmth of the light enters his body and into his hand up to the sword as it glows even brighter. The surrounding area lifts its darkness like a fog. Revealing the true nature of the forest, in front of Graddy is a gruesome creature, its face and body twisted almost shifting as it stands there, it’s only feature that makes sense is its one arm and its giant claw attached to it. 





“Now go.”



The voice calls out to him as she fades away and time resumes. Graddy looking at his now glowing blade charges forward towards the beast. The light stunning the beast as he plunges it deep into its chest. The light expanding inside the creature as it blows up into a shower of light.



Interrupting her grandpa kid shay asks, “Who was the woman grandpa?”



Shay’s grandpa rocks in his chair as he looks up above his mantle, sitting above it is a sword.

Shay opens her eyes as she looks down at the ground, at the edge of the cliff is a pile of rocks with a blanket wrapped around the rocks. The edge of the blanket swags with the gentle breeze as she kneels down before the pile, bringing her fingers to her lips she kisses them as she lays the fingers on top of the rocks.


“I will miss you Grandpa; you always had the best stories.”


Standing up a strong gust blows as she covers herself, revealing in the moon light a shine from a blade at her hip. As she turns away, she walks back into the forest. As a spirit of a young solider and a mysterious woman sit on top of the log overlooking the lake they nestle close to each other. Shay turns to cover from the flying debris from the forest, as she uncovers herself, she sees the two spirits sitting on the log. The young man’s face is that of happiness as the mysterious womans smile displays a warmth. Before shay could say a word then wind gusts again, covering herself from the debris the wind settles. Peeking up from her coat the spirits have vanished as the blanket sways in the wind over the Forsaken Forest. Turning back towards the forest path leading to the village a tear forms in her eye as she walks down the path. 


Dawn approaches as she awakens from the now empty cabin, the daily sounds of her grandfather no longer present. She can’t stay here, it’s not right. She felt alone. Sitting at the edge of her bed the morning light shines in on her face warming it slight. She caresses her face.


“Grandpa, I miss you. But I will make you proud.”


Shay stands up walks towards the window as she opens it. The sounds of the morning birds chirping, woodpeckers making holes as they peck at the tree bark. Squirrels and all manner of small woodland creatures scurry around in the morning air. Leaning on the window still she takes a deep breath as she nods.


“I will make you proud.”


Stepping out of the window she heads towards her bedroom door, her sword in its sheath. The leather straps are old and need to be replaced. Holding the sheath in her hand she slowly pulls out the sword. It almost seems to glow a dim white light in the dark corner of the room she’s standing in. Inspecting the blade it has no imperfections. She never saw her grandpa use it; it was always on the mantle above his fireplace. Walking over to her bedside table she picks up the note and rereads it.


“Dear Shay, if you are reading this then I have passed away. Your grandpa had his secrets, all the stories i used to tell you when you were a kid were true. They were my adventures, all because of that one night in the forest. Her. She changed everything. But now, it is your turn. I leave you with a heavy burden, my sword. Yes, the one you saw everyday above the fireplace. The one I told you is very special. You must keep it safe. You cannot let it fall into the hands of evil. Your spirit is free and good. The sword will come to see that. I am in a better place, I am home. I am with the love of my life. I had a full life, now it is your turn. Go, live your life. I look forward to hearing about your adventures someday when we meet. Till then, my love and always Grandpa Graddy.”


Tears form in her eyes again as she rereads it over and over again. Time passes as she lays on her bed all morning crying till she falls asleep. As the morning drifts into the afternoon she awakens with the note laying on the bed next to her. Sitting up she looks down at the note. Wiping her eyes she slowly stands up, the sword in one hand the note in the other. As she walks out of her bedroom and up the small hallway she passes her grandfathers bedroom. Left exactly as how it left it, she slowly closes the door. Turning to continue down the hallway making her way into the small living room and kitchen. She stares at the fireplace and the note in her hand, setting the note on the burnt logs she grabs some flint and steel. Hovering over the note she pauses, no going back. Taking a deep breath, she strikes the flint and steel sparking onto the paper as it ignites. Staring at the note slowly burning away it opens up as the final word is consumed by the fire, she looks at it, “my love and always Grandpa Graddy” as tear forms in her eye the words vanish as they are consumed by the fire, all that’s left is a small pile of ash where it once sat on the burnt log.


Taking another deep breath, she stands up, gathering her jacket she whips it over her shoulder as she leaves the cabin her brilliant red ruby hair blows in the wind.

“My Liege!” a soldier speaks loudly as he enters the throne room. At the other end sat the king, King Nasco. A man so narcissist that he renamed the city after him. “I have word sent from your brother in the west.” the soldier is out of breath running from one end to the other. Taking a moment to gather his breath. “He moves onto the forest again. The 100-year truce ended today my Liege!”



The king stands up with great anger stomping down from his throne to the solider kneeling down before him. “Then why are you here! Gather my men and march towards the forest!” His anger echos in the empty throne room. “Bring me that relic, i swear to whatever god you pray to that if he gets it before me, I will have your head and your children’s head as stew!”



The king kicks the solider in the head as he’s flown back, with a heavy thud he hits the ground his metal scrapping across the cold stone floor. Trying to rollover his armor is too heavy as the king simply walks over the man, crushing under the massive girth and weight of the fat king. “Captain! Captain Telios. Where is that blasted Captain.” 



As the king storms around his castle looking for his captain, he turns the corner to see him standing there talking with an advisor. “Captain…” the king is out of breath as he can barely breath. “Captain….” 



The captain puts his hand on the king’s shoulder helping him catch his breath. “Yes, my liege.”



“Captain, the truce, forest, relic.”



The captain smiles as he nods, “Yes my liege, I already dispatched a forward battalion they should have arrived before this morning’s new sun.”



The king stands up leaning against the captain, “Yes, very well Telios. Very well, prepare my horse. I wish to be there by days next new sun.”



Telios nods and bows, “Yes my liege, at once my liege.” The captain walks away as the king finds the closest servant.



“You there! Servant boy!” A young man of age 18 pops his head up from cleaning a vase that someone knocked over. He starts to panic as he thinks the king is going to hang him for the broken vase. “Y..y…y…yes m..m…m…m.my liege. I can explain.” The boy cowers. 



“Forgot that stupid vase. You there you will accompany me. I require a servant for the duration. You will meet with Captain Telios tell him you are my servant he will tell you what to do. Go now, do not fail me or it will be your head!”



The young boy bows as he runs at full speed through the castle hallways. Dodging servants as he runs down the hall, he spots a pair of servants carrying a heavy painting as he has no time to stop, he leaps into the air as he twirls around it and over it. Landing on the other side he smirks as he continues to run. 



He sees Captain Telios on a horse leaving the stables. The young boy starts to panic as he thinks, he looks down and sees hes three stories up. across the way is a line with flags attached to it. With quick thinking he gets on top of the railing as the line swags back and forth. Running out of time he leaps for it, grabbing a flag he uses it to slide across the line. But halfway across it snaps, as he starts to fall grabbing the now swinging line using his weight and momentum at the peak of the swing lets go as he falls landing hard in a hay bale in the stables, rolling out in front of the horse Telios is riding the horse rears on its hide legs.



“Woah woah, easy girl easy.” He gently caresses the horses head to calm it down. After managing to do so he looks at the young man who just flew out of the sky and rolled in front of his horse. “You there servant boy, what’s the meaning of this. You're lucky your head didn’t become one with the ground.”



The young boy sits up as he rubs his head and brushes the dirt and hay off his body and out of his hair. 



“The king told me to see you, something about needing a servant.”



Captain Telios scoffs, “Fine, follow me. We are about to head out now. What’s your name boy?”



“Dirge, Dirge McLaudn.” The boy says standing up.



“Dirge, huh. Well Dirge.” Telios leans down from his horse. “You're standing in horse shit.”



Captain Telios laughs as he commands the horse to move trotting past the young boy as he looks down to see a pile of horse shit his foot is in. Lifting it he shakes off the shit as he covers his nose. He sees Telios has already taken off as Dirge turns around and says, “Hey Wait up!”



Meanwhile in the small village of Kerlos Shay stands at the center of the village. Mid afternoon sun shines bright on her face. Using her jacket, she hides the sword inside it as she searches around the village center. She spots what she was searching for, a small leatherworking shop. The owner sitting outside tanning and stretching his hides from the morning kills. Shay cautiously approach’s the shopkeeper. 



“Hello sir.” She gently says to the shopkeeper.



“Oh, hello there young lady, welcome to Belts and Buckles. What can I help you with?”



Shay hands the shopkeeper her old beat-up leather sheath. “I…I…was looking to get a new one. I don’t have much to offer.” Shay empties her pockets only to have a few gold pieces in her hand. 



“Well, let’s take a look.” The shopkeeper takes the old sheath as he inspects it. “My, this is old. I haven’t seen leather from this type of animal in well.” He stops to think. “Around the time of the first war. My father used to train me on this very type of leather. This here is rare, made of a farm animal that went extinct due to the war. I’m afraid I can’t fix it. I can offer you a new one for 20 gold pieces.”



Shay looks down and counts what she has, “One…two…three…four…” she holds them in her palm towards her bowing her head she asks. “This is all I have sir; I haven’t eaten in days. I am alone. Please…this is all I have left.”



The shopkeeper looks at her, “I am sorry miss, the king is too greedy and keeps raising the taxes. I can barely afford to keep the shop open much less feed my family too. I wish I could help you, but I can’t.” He hands her back the old leather sheath. Defeated she takes it from the shop keep as she walks away. She walks down an alley away from people as she lays against the wall her head in her hands sobbing. Her stomach growls more and more. She counts her gold again, “four…enough for at least a bed for one night.” 



She sighs as she starts crying more trying to drown out the sounds of her empty stomach. Her ears perk when she hears someone coming, grabbing her coat she tries to hide best she can. Peering around a barrel she sees the Captain of Nasco, Telios. Behind him is a young boy, dressed in simple clothes bearing the symbol of the king. He is talking with the captain as his focus is taken away, seeing a shadow move down the alleyway. “Who’s there!” Telios shouts. No answer. “Go check boy.”



Dirge sighs as he grabs a short sword from the holster on the horse. Walking down the alley he sees the barrel move slightly. He gets low as he sneaks up to it, his sword at the ready. As he gets closer, he slows down and then pounces, standing above her, he points his sword towards her. “Who are you.”



Shay shakes as she starts to panic, fear setting in. “S…s..shay. Please, I am alone.” tears start to form in her eyes as Telios calls out. 



“Who’s there Dirge?”



Dirge looks into Shays eyes, as they glisten with tears. Her face is of panic, Dirge sighs as he lets his guard down. “No one Telios. Must have been an animal.”



“Well, good thing Dirge is here to protect this village from small animals.” He laughs as he starts to take off again.



Dirge kneels down before shay as he reaches behind him. Pulling out a small bread roll he hands it to her. “Go on take it. When the night comes, we will be making camp outside these walls. Meet me behind the makeshift stables, its where I am staying.”



Before Shay can say anything, Dirge takes off leaving her with the bread roll, he runs around the corner and after Telios to catch up. Leaving her there.



She doesn’t hesitate as he devours the bread roll in almost one bite, almost forgetting to chew she starts to choke on it. It’s not much but more than she’s had in days. She curls up with her jacket and sword as she lays down in the alley behind the barrel. Slowly closing her eyes then afternoon sun starts to set. Shes awaken to a noise, opening her eyes she sees two men leering over her. Their mouths drooling, “well what do we have here. Some fresh meat eh Borris.” Borris grins with a wicked smile as he nods, “I do believe so Frank.” he licks his lips as they both reach for Shay. 



She tries to overpower the two men but she’s so weak that she can’t fight back. Grabbing at whatever they can, she bites them and kicks them but there is no power behind the defense. Borris grabs her arms as he lifts her up, Frank pulls out a sharp pocketknife as he holds it to her throat. “Now, be a good girl and let my friend and I play. We promise we will be good.” Franks words turn sourer as his laugh eviler. Using the knife, he cuts down the front of her shirt revealing her perky breasts underneath. Her face turns red as she tries to look away, Frank grabs her face as he forces her to look at him. His face near hers, his putrid breath blowing on her face. He goes in for a kiss as she spits on him. Frank stepping back laughs and starts to get mad, using the pocketknife he jams it into her belly. 



“Now now, you anit dying till we had our fun.” The two men laugh as her body falls limp to the ground in pain. She clutches her belly trying to stop the bleeding. As she looks at her jacket Borris speaks up. “I think she wants her jacket, Frank.” as Borris picks it up the sword falls out and hits the ground. Its blade shines with almost a dim white light in the moon light. 



“Well well, what is this. A sword is a man’s thing doll. You might hurt yourself.” Borris picks up the sword as he swings it around. “How much do you think we could get for this Frank.” 



Shay tries to reach for it, “Give…back…grand…pa…”



Frank kicks her in the belly right on her open wound, she coughs as her nose and mouth start to bleed. “What was that doll? This your grandpa’s sword. Well, he was stupid for leaving it with a girl. It should be in a man’s hand.” He laughs as he points it at Shays neck.



“Now be a good girl and stay still, Borris gets first go.” Borris smiles and laughs as he lowers his pants revealing his wart covered dick, he plays with it till it starts to get somewhat hard. He kneels down forcing Shays legs apart, her belly pain so great she has no strength to fight back. All she can do is let these men have their way, maybe, just maybe she will live to see the morning light.



As Borris rips his pants off revealing her untouched area, he smiles as he licks his hand as he uses his spit to lube up his shaft. Shay turns away as all she can see is the shadow of her body on the ground and a shadow figure hovering between her.



She closes her eyes as he’s about to take from her what she was holding for the one. Time stands still, she opens her eyes as she hears a voice.



“The Sword, Grab the sword.”



She then hears both a male and female voice together…it’s your grandfathers and another woman. 



“Grab the Sword Shay.” She sees before her a young spirit of a solider extending his hand to shay. She reaches out Borris and Frank frozen in time. Grabbing the spirits hand she can feel her grandpa’s spirit with another being. It feels warm, happy, comforting. A tear falls from her eye as she closes them.



“I’m sorry, grandpa. I failed.” she says in her head.



“You didn’t fail me my dearest Shay. Let the light in. Let your walls down.” The spirits voice echos in her mind, almost guiding her.



“You're holding back, let me go. Let go of my spirit. Let your guard down.” The spirit echos again.



“But your sword. I failed…” Shay says out loud.



“Silly child.” The voice is soothing and comforting taking her back to when he would tell her stories as she laid to sleep. Images of him flood into her mind. At the end, he stands there. Standing next to a woman. “This is Gaia.” shays grandpa says looking at shay. She tries to get closer, but they maintain a distance from her. “This is the woman from my stories. This is the woman I married. She gave up her immortality to save me that day in the woods. Now I am with her, we are together. You must let me go. You must make your own path.” He steps towards her, appearing in front of her. His hand laying on her shoulder, her face caressing the back of his hand. 



“Shay, my child. Let the light in. The light will protect you.” his words trail off as he vanishes. Shays back on the ground, Borris and Frank frozen. The sword in Frank’s hand. She reaches for it, touching the cool blade. A feeling of warmth surges up her arm, bathed in a white light her body stands on its own. The sword in her hand, she looks down. Her clothes have changed. Covering her body is a guild encrusted white leather armor. The sword glowing a brilliant white, she looks into it. The light rejuvenates her mind and body. As time resumes, she’s standing there, sword in hand. Borris on his knees looks up, with a quick swing his head is removed bouncing on the ground at Franks feet. Shay standing there, her stance proud and strong. Her voice booms as she points the sword to the sky. A shower of white light drowns them as she steps towards Frank, her strength has grown. Stepping on Borris’s head like it was made of paper it exploded sending chunks of his head everywhere. 



Shay looking down at what was Borris’s head she tilts her head up eyes locked onto Franks. A wet stain forming in his pants as it pools on the ground. Falling to his knees he begs for his life.



Shay standing above him as cloud like wings sprout from her back. Her form and looks angelic, her gaze very powerful, almost inhuman. Her eyes are serious and focused as she looks down at him and in one fluid motion of her sword, she cuts him clean in half from the top down through his groin. His two half’s falls flat on each side as she’s bathed in a warm glow, returning back to her original clothes. She looks down, her bottom is bare, and her shirt has been cut. She looks down at Borris’s body as she grabs his pants and shirt. She takes off into the night, past Dirges camp as she enters the forest the baggy clothes rip on all the branches. Realizing she left her jacket behind she stands in a bush with whatever clothes she can keep on her body. She waits where Dirge said to meet him, he’s not there.

Shay sits in a bush waiting for Dirge to show up, as patrols walk by, she hides. She hears a small whistle come from the corner of a tent and Dirge is standing there waving me to him. “Hurry up!'“he whispers trying to get her attention. Shay looks around as makes a run for it, barely dodging the patrol. Dirge grabs her hand as he leads her through the tents as they head to the stable. He opens the door as the horses inside neigh slightly as they move around. Dirge runs to them to calm down the horses leaving Shay at the door she closes it. Grabbing a touch from the wall Dirge walks over to Shay. Her face a mess her body covered in head to toe with blood and dirt, her eyes are in shock as the adrenaline wears off. Before she can collapse Dirge rushes to her grabbing her the light revealing her naked body to him as she passes out in her arms. Setting the torch down and away from the hay he carries her to the back of the stables where he has a makeshift bed made.


Laying her on the bed he covers her naked body with his ragged blanket. He then checks her pulse and breath. Shes sounds asleep. He uses the torchlight to examine her body more closely. As his heart swells in his throat, he gulps as he uses the light to move down her body. Showing everything, her body naked, her skin so soft and pristine if it weren’t for the layer of dirt and blood. He thinks for a second as he puts the torch in a metal hanger on the wall next to him dimly lighting the small area up. Going around the corner outside the stall door he grabs a bucket of water and a cloth he was using to wash the horses.


Shaking of the horsehair he dips the cloth in the bucket of water as he gently washes her body. The more he does the more he can’t help but look at her body. He shakes his head; he can’t think about that right now. He pushes the idea of her body out of his mind as he focuses on cleaning her up. Trying to not wake her in the process. After a few close calls and what seemed like was ages he manages to clean her best he can. He moves her ruby red hair out of her eyes as he uses the torch to light her face up. Seeing she’s sound asleep he stands up, grabbing the bucket and a pile of dirty towels he leaves her be as he lays down on a nearby hay bale with the horses all laying down around him his mind tries to think of what happened but as he does all he can think about is her naked body. His heart races, his blood rushes through his body. He sits up, staring at the stall that she’s in. He gets up to check on her, still asleep. Sighing he lets her be as he brushes his hand against a couple of horses on the back. Laying down on the hay bale again he closes his eyes.


Sounds of men preparing to head out wake Dirge from his rest. As he slowly stands up, he stretches and yawns. Gently patting a horse on the head. “Good morning.”


The horse lifts its head as it starts to stand up. As Dirge stands up, he stretches his back again till he hears a crack as he sighs with a relief wash over his face. His memory comes back to him, as he checks on the stall with Shay in it. As he slowly opens the stall door it creaks slightly. Managing to not stir Shay away he lets her sleep as he closes the door quietly. Putting his clothes and shoes on he rushes out of the stable, running past, everyone moving around. Dodging and sliding across the ground with grace, twirling around as he dodges. It’s almost like he’s part cat. Making his way to the Mess tent he sneaks in the back when no one is looking. While the cooks are distracted with serving food to the men Dirge sneaks in and grabs a loaf of bread along with a flask of water. Sneaking back out he hides the bread in his shirt as he carries the flask. 


Making his way back to the stable he managed to avoid Telios and the king. Seeing that the stable door is open slightly he starts to panic. Rushing to the door he walks inside slowly; he hears someone inside. He sneaks in careful to not disturb the horses, peaking through the crack in the door he sees Shay covered in blanket in the corner crying. Dirge knocks on the door.


“Hey, its Dirge. From yesterday in the alley.” He speaks softly enough for others to not hear. “I brought you some food. I’ll get you some clothes. But please don’t go anywhere.” before Shay can speak Dirge opens the door with his eyes closed and a hand over his eyes. “I’m sorry, you were covered in blood and dirt. I didn’t mean to.” Dirge exclaims as he waves the bread towards her, he feels it hit her as he drops it along with flask. As he does, he slowly backs out and till he’s out of the stall he keeps his eyes closed. His heart beating so fast, he closes the door and leans against the wall outside the door. He collects himself as he tells her he will be back.


Shay doesn’t respond but takes the loaf of bread along with the flask of water as she inhales the bread and water. Her belly slightly distended from eating a whole loaf of bread. As she finishes, she hears a knock on the stall door again as she covers herself with the blanket again. Dirge appears with his eyes covered, clothes in his hands he sets them down. As he backs up he misjudges the door as he backs into the wall. It catches him off guard as he removes his hand and opens his eyes. Stareing directly at Shay’s naked body bathed in the morning light, Dirge’s blood rushes in his body as his face turns bright red. He quickly turns around and slams the door shut leaving him outside the stall, his breathing heavy, his heart almost pounding out of his chest. He hears some rustling in the stall shes in as a few minuets pass she opens the door as exits the stall standing next to him as he leans against the wall. 


She stands there with simple clothing made for men, “I found the smallest I could that I thought you fit you.” Dirge looks down.


Shay leans against the wall, baggy as the clothes are they do hug her body enough that she isnt worried about them falling off. 

“It’s ok, my names Shay.” Her smile widens as she looks at him. Dirge reaches his hand out to meet hers, “Dirge.” 


“So Dirge, I want to thank you for doing this for me.” 


Dirge’s face turns red again as he looks away, “Well, I couldn’t leave a poor woman out there naked.” He then turns and walks away.


“Well, I thank you all the same. You saved my life. I was almost…almost…” Her memories of the previous night flood into her mind, the experience after seeing her grandpa is foggy. She remembers nothing of the change, but then she remembers. '“The Sword! Where is the sword!”


Dirge reaches into a nearby hay bale as he pulls out her sword as he hands it to her. “I hid it last night after you went to sleep. I have never seen a blade like that before. It seems, old.”


Shay explains that it was her grandpa’s but leaves out the rest. “It was my grandpas, he past away last week. I am alone.”


Dirge leans foward putting his hand on her shoulder as he pulls her in giving her a hug. “It’s ok Shay”


Shay stands there letting him hold her, the first man in awhile that doesnt want to hurt her. Even when she was vulnerable he chose a different path. The warmth of his hug is comforting and farmilier. After a few minuets he lets her go, “What will you do now?”


Shay leaving Dirge’s arms stands there as it now dawns on her. “I don’t know. My grandpa said to make my own path. But, it’s been hard.” She realizes that the gold she had left is now gone. She has nothing, nothing but her grandpas sword.


Dirge thinks for a moment as he walks around her body, “Yes, hmm, yes. I think it may work.”


Shay feels exposed as he stares at her body examining it. “What will work.” 


Dirge runs out of the stable and after a few seconds he comes back in with clothing of the soldiers. He hands them to her, “I think you could pass enough as a man if someone doesn’t look to hard.” Shay looks at her body, she was always tomboyish even growing up. Reaching for her long ruby red hair she pulls out her sword as she looks at herself in the reflection of the sword. Seeing her bright red hair in the blades reflection she sighs and with a quick cut her hair falls to the ground. Her hair now ends at her shoulders as Dirge looks at her. “Hmm, almost.” Looking around he sees a pair of shears he uses for the horses mane, he snaps his fingers and he leads her to a chair. Setting her down in it he pulls a small barrel over as well as a metal shield. Wiping it off best he could she could see a hazy reflection in the mirror. Standing behind her he uses the shears to expertly cut her hair. “No different than a horse.” He remarks letting out a small giggle.


“Yea well, I’m not a horse.” Shay retorts back.


After a few minuets he steps back handing her the sheild she looks to see her long hair has all been cut, as she stands up and sees all the red hair around her she grabs the soliders clothing as she tells Dirge to turn around. “No Peaking. You got a free show last night as it is. Hmph.” Dirge smiles as he turns around covering his eyes. Shay slowly undresses as Dirge turns peaking to see her long slender leg slipping into the pant leg and then the other. Her head tilts up as Dirge spins back around and whistles slightly. As she finishes putting on the clothes she says, “So??”


As Dirge spins around and opens his eyes he sees what looks like a man in front of him, if she didnt speak you would never know the difference. “Wow.” Is all Dirge can spit out. 


“Well pick your jaw up off the floor mister Dirge.” Shay crosses  her arms in front of her as she turns away. 


Dirge shakes his head, “I mean, you look good…as a man.” Dirge’s cheek flush red.


“So, what are we going to do with my sword.” As Shay waves it around staring at the blade as the light reflects off it, she sees a shimmer like sparkles that slowly swirl around the blade. “My old sheath was worn out anyway and I couldn’t afford a new one.”

Shay says with a heavy sigh knowing shes broke. “Do you have anything to help me?”


Dirge thinks for a second as he scratches his head, getting an idea he walks over to Thelios horse where Dirge’s sheath for his short sword is. Calming the horse as he slowly unhooks it from the saddle, pulling it out of the straps of the saddle leaving the straps for the sheath attached to it. He tosses it to Shay, “Here catch.”


Before Shay could react Dirge tosses the sheath as she barely catches it in time. “You could of warned me.” Shay exclaims as she holds up her sword and the sheath seeing they are different in sizes. “I don’t think it’s going to fit Dirge.” She tries to push it inside as its girth is big for the smaller sheath. Dirges shoulders slump as hes out of ideas. “Well, its all I got.”


Shay sits in the chair again defeated, she can’t just carry it around all the time it would be silly as she would be the only one who was. Holding the sword in her hand pointing it up straight she thinks to herself, “How will we hide you.” As she ponders what to do the sword starts to glow as it shrinks in her hand to the size of a pocket knife, then smaller again to the size of small piece of jewlery. Sitting in the palm of the hand the weight feels the same but in a small package. She scratches her head, looking around she spots some wire as she fashions a maskshift necklace, wrapping the wire around the hilt of the tiny sword now securly tugging on the wire. “There” slipping it over her neck. “What do you think?”, she stands up as she stands there pretending to act like a man. 


“Passable” Dirge says walking towards her. Before he reaches her Telios barges into the stables standing in the light he sees Dirge inches away from Shay. “Solider, why are you not at your post?” Telios says talking to Shay.


“She…I mean he was helping me get the horses ready. I over slept and Sean here said he would help me.” Dirge quickly buts in before Shay can speak. 


“Very well, prepare my horse we ride out soon.” Telios says as he turns to leave the stables. Shay’s heart beats fast as she starts to sweat. Seeing Telios leave she relaxs, “That was close.”


Dirge nods, “Yea, well since your stuck with me want to help me get the horses ready?”


Shay sighs, “Fine. But, I am not cleaning up the horse shit.” 


Dirge laughs as he helps show her what to do. As time passes by Shay is putting the last saddle on the horse as Telios walks in. Shay is caught off guard as he stands behind her, his height towers over her as he looks down. Shay takes a deep breath and in a manly voice as she can muster says, “Your horse is ready sir.” Telios grabs the reins as he starts to walk away. Stopping in the doorway he turns to face her, “Your voice sounds sick solider. See the medic before we leave, thats an order.” Shay stands at attention as she does the standard military bow were she crosses her arm behind her back as she bends over to bow. Telios then scoffs as he turns walking away with his horse. Shay screams internally, she was for sure thinking he was going to find out. She lucked out, but she started to wonder where Dirge was. “Where is that bastard.” muttering under her breath.


She grabs the last horse by his reins as she leads him out of the stable. Leading the horse to a secluded area she looks around as she lets her illusion down trying to relax. “Man, being a man is draining, ugh no thanks. Not for me.” she ties the horse to a random pole stacked into the ground as she sits on a box thats been filled with supplies for the horses. As she relaxes she starts to stare at the horse, “Now, how does one ride you.” She ponders as her legs kick back and tapping on the wooden box as she thinks. 


Shay leaning foward on her elbows as they rest on her knees as she sits on the box wondering she watches as the horse starts to turn away from her. Just as the animal does she leaps off the box and dashes towards the horse. Leaping off the ground she overshoots it as she slides across the saddle landing with a thus onto the dusty ground kicking up dirt everywhere she stares up at the horse as it turns its head down to face as the dust settles on her face the horse chews some hay as its head nears her face, taking a sniff he snorts as it covers her face with snot. Wiping it off she swears the horse laughs as it neighs going back for more hay. 


Shay slowly stands up wiping the dirt off her as she looks at the horse, “Alright buddy, you and me are going to be BEST buds.” She slowly sneaks up while the horse is distracted. Just as shes about to climb up she hears a voice calling out, “Sean! Where are you. Man…”


Shay stays quiet for a moment it sounds like Dirge, Shay putting her fingers to her lips lets out a small whistle as Dirge comes running around the corner seeing you half on the horse.


“What’s going on here Shay.” Dirge walks over talking softly as he makes sure the coast is clear. “Well Mr. Know it all as you can see Freydo and I have some commucation skills to work on.” Shay gently taps Freydo on the side each tap alittle harder as she smiles wide to Dirge, the horse snorts again.


“Well, if you want to I can show you the basics on how to ride…Freydo.” Dirge laughs as he helps Shay get on top of the horse. Leading her around by the reins he gives her simple commands to move and stop the horse. “There, that should be the basics you will get the hang of it.” Dirge looks up at Shay on the horse as he then hears voices calling out from a distance.


“Looks like they are heading out follow my lead and follow me, let me do the talking. If they catch you we are both done for.” Dirge speaking quickly to Shay. Joining the rest of the march they blend in near the back of the march. As the dust from all the horses create a giant cloud that fills the sky, the thundering of the hooves on the ground in unison. The army marches away from the village and closer to the Forsaken Forest.

A day of marching passes as the massive army heads ever closer to fulfill the king’s greed and desire. As the sun starts to get low in the sky the King orders them to make camp. “We are but a days ride to our goal, to our victory. Rest well, for it may be your last time. Captain Telios!” The king turns to face the captain, “Set up patrols on the hour, I do not wish to be disturbed.” 


Telios bows, “Yes my Liege.” taking off as the king enters his tent Dirge is in there preparing the kings dinner. The fat king Nasco walking in grunts as he sits on his chair. His weight causing it to creak and sink into the soft ground. “You there boy, bring me some wine. I had a hard day.” The king leaning back more in his chair it gives out as his ass hits the ground. Dirge holds back his laugh as he looks at the king flailing around. “WELL HELP ME UP YOU USELESS BOY.” the king yells as he is rolling on the ground like a turtle stuck on its back. Dirge trying to help the king but due to is weight he can’t lift him up. “GO GET THE CAPTAIN!!!” the kings face getting redder as his voice gets more hoarse from all the screaming. Telio’s barges in and sees the king on the ground, throwing Dirge out of the tent. 


Dirge hears commotion between the king and the captain standing up to brush the dirt off. “Good, they will be distracted.” Dirge starts making his way through the camp to the edge of the forest where they made camp. Heading into the forest he spots Shay where he told her to wait. Her back is to him as he walks quietly through the brush of the forest. When he clears up he leans up against a tree she doesnt notice him. The fire flickers on the trees casting shadows as they dance around on the tree tops. Noctural animals start their process of the nightly hunt before they rest at dawn. 


Dirge listens in as he hears a soft voice sing, 


“Darkness surrounds those who enter,

Forsake those who dare, whos greed

Greed, for those who want not but all

Darkness surrounds those who enter,

Forsake those who dare, whos greed

Greed, for greed is good, greed is power

Never stop, carve the path.”


Shay slowly stands as she walks around the fire, her body being bathed in light he listens to her words as they are beautiful as is her angelic voice,


“Darkness surrounds those who enter,

But, there is one, 

One….

Forsake those who dare, there is one

One to enter, one to guide, whos light

will Bathe the world as it touches the sky,

Those who dare to leave the light,

Forever, forever…..”


Shay sings slowly as the light dies down,


“Forever,…..For…sa…ken.”


Shay sits down on the ground as she focuses on the fire, Dirge leaves the cover of the trees as he walks over to Shay. “That was…beautiful.” Dirge says as he sits down across from her the fire slowly dying down, as Dirge tosses a small branch onto the fire.


“It was a song my Grandpa would sing to me when I was feeling alone and scared. He said it always made him brave when he was scared.” Shay’s face burries into her knees as she clutches her arms around her ankles. The fire crackles as the branch slowly burns, embers toss and float in the air like little wisps. Shay lifts her finger as they swirl around it, gently blowing it. Dirge’s eyes focused on her short manish hair but still the light of the flame dances over her hair as it shines and reflects almost looking like a jewel held up to the bright sun.


Dirge pushes his legs forward as he leans back on his hands looking up at the stars above, the tree tops gently swaying with the breeze. The moonlight shining through the branches and leaves of the forest illuminating the forest around them. “I know the feeling of being alone.”


Dirge leans forward sitting on his legs as he crosses them, “When I was seven my father came home late from drinking. Him and my mother fought and argued. I was outside tending to the chickens before I went to bed.” Dirge slowly picks at the ground throwing random things into the fire as he stares into it. The flame reflecting in his eyes as they sway with the breeze, they flicker and dance as Shay looks at him her eyes filled with pain and empathy. Leaning more on her knees she listens to him, “Mom was cooking dinner, there was a loud crash. I ran to the house as fast as my legs could carry me. But, i wasn’t fast enough. My father was standing in the kitchen with a heavy metal pot. Red liquid splattered over the tables and food, my mother laying on the ground not moving. I stared into my fathers eyes, as he looked down at what he just did. 


Dirge’s eyes fill with tears as he screams out, “Why Father!” his father gets mad as he can’t take back what he did. He tries to get to his son but the table gets in the way allowing Dirge to run, run as fast as his legs can go. Never stopping.


Dirge slowly gets up as he grabs some more smaller branches to throw into the fire, “Then, after years of running. Surviving on my own all this time.” kicking some dirt around the branches catch fire as the flame grows. Dirge cant help but look deep into the burning embers. “I found him, he was drinking. Stumbling around, i followed him. Bottle in hand, stumbling from pole to pole. Bouncing off barrels and people. He drinks and drinks, till we get outside the walls of the city. He leans against them as he mumbles to himself, sipping from the bottle. Seeing its empty his father gets pissed slamming the bottle against the wall shattering it. Dirge walks out from the darkness to confront the man.


“Glad to see you haven’t changed.” Dirge steps closer to the man revealing his face in the pale moon light. His face inches away he slams his hand up to the wall next to the mans head. Leaning the booze smell is so strong Dirge feels like hes getting drunk just smelling the mans breath. “Tsk, tsk, tsk.” Dirge slaps the man across the face as he falls to the ground. The man doesn’t even respond but mumbles as he rolls around on the ground. 


Dirge kneels down beside the man as he rolls around his face cut open, his hair ragged and full of dirt. Grabbing the drunken mans hair he spits in his face as he stands up. Pulling out of his pocket Dirge reveals a small set of flint and steel. Dirge looks down at the man whos to drunk to even know he exists. Grabs the flint in one hand the steel in the other as he slowly strikes it, then again this time harder. Then again, as a spark falls from it. Striking it more, more and more sparks fall onto the drunk mans clothes. They start to slowly ignite as the fire then quickly spreads across the mans body. He screams in pain as his whole body is engulfed in flames, his booze soaked clothes excellerates the spread. Dirge stares at the man rolling around on fire his skin producing this awful smell as it melts off his bones. The screaming slowly stops as so the body. Slowly burning away Dirge turns as he scoffs one more time. 


Shay’s eyes light up in shock as Dirge finishes his story, his eyes locked onto the burning deep embers. Sounds of a man screaming as he is burned alive plays in Dirge’s head. As it fades his eyes look up to meet Shay’s. “I was so angry, he killed my mother!” Dirge exclaims as he walks around letting steam off.


“Even so, to burn him alive. To watch a man go through that pain.” Shay speaks up her voice soft and reserved. Dirge stops and turns to her his eyes with regret. “I know that, but at the time. All I could think about was revenge. He took something from us that night. From me.” Dirge turns holding his hand over his heart looking up into the night sky as a shooting star flies through the clear night sky.


Shay wanting to speak but she can’t think of anything to say, to atleast add or help. She doesn’t want to make things worse, she couldn’t even save herself from almost being taken advantage of. Her eyes are filled with sympathy as she tries to search his, in the light as the flame bounces around in his eyes it almost seems to swirl in them. His darkness starts to show, the darkness in his heart. Her necklace vibrates on her chest as she grabs it with her hand, clutching it closer to her. Dirge, breathing more heavily his eyes still focused on the burning embers.


A dark aura starts to fog around Dirge as the very air around him distorts as it heats up. Shay’s necklace vibrates more as she opens her palm, the sword instantly grows to its orginal size. Floating in front of her she grabs gently onto the hilt, the weight of the sword now in her hands. The fire flickers more, growing and growing. The heat builds up, Dirge’s eyes are dim red as the fire grows. Shay, stumbles back trying to stand, the heat intensifying. 


Dirge’s clothing lifts in the air as the dark fog at his feet rises up his body, his form starting to shift. His eyes glowing more red, the flames of revenge grow in him, feeding the darkness in his heart. Shay’s leaps back her sword pointing fowards, “Dirge…” Shay’s voice grows more stern. “Dirge, let go of the darkness. Let the light in, do not let it consume you.” 


Dirge’s eyes shift slowly towards Shay. His voice deepens as it grows more corrupted, “This one is mine, his heart is mine. If you wish to save him. You know where to meet me.” Shay' reaches a hand out as Dirge falls to the ground the fire returning to small burning embers. The light fades as darkness creeps in around him. Shay dives on top of him, the sword glows bright as the dark fog recedes back into the shadows. “Dirge!” setting the glowing sword on the ground near his face the light pushes away the darkness as his eyes are glazed over. She lowers her ear to his chest, thump, thump. She sighs with relief, hes alive. She kneels down sitting on her legs pulling his head onto her lap she runs her hand through his hair as she sings,


“For those who leave the light are,

Forsaken….”


her voice trails off as she sobs, the fire slowly dies out as the last ember loses it’s light.

The morning sun dawns as it’s light and warmth bring life to the forest. Through the night Shay had wrapped Dirge in a blanket, wrapping rope around his body to secure him to a small cart she stole with the cover of darkness from the encampment. Checking her bag, she coulnd’t grab much as most of the time was spent trying to sneak that blasted cart out. It was worth it as she can more easily transport him around. Using what rope she could scavange as by now his men have left him behind. Working up a sweat as she pulls his limp body onto the cart, setting her bag on top of him his breathing is calm but steady. His eyes closed, his skin pale. Covering her tracks of the fire from last night she gets on top of Freyo. Starting slow as all she could do was attach the cart to the saddle by some thin ropes. As the cart starts to move the body bounces around slightly but stays in one spot. Satisfied he will stay in there she looks fowards making her way out of the forest into the open rolling meadows. She has only one choice, the Forsaken Forest.


“What happened to you.” Shay mutters to herself as she glances back occasionally at Dirge’s body wrapped up in the blanket. As she follows the massive trail left from the army she maintains her distance from them as she follow them. The morning sun waking as it rises higher into the sky, the heat slowly building as she takes off the soliders jacket she was wearing, underneath is a simple white shirt that hugs to her body during her adventures in their camp last night she found some clothes that better fit her. Odd that they were feminine, she shrugs. Her stomach begins to growl putting her hand over her stomach. “Now now, ill feed you.” She pats Freyo on the back as she directs the horse over to a small stream running along the path of destruction. 


The horse slowly trots over to the stream as she pulls back on the reins brining her horse to a stop. Sliding off the saddle she rubs between her thighs, “Ouchie. How do people ride these things. Tch…tch..” she winces in pain as she walks stiff legged till she can feel her legs again. Hobbling over to the small cart she grabs her bag, sitting down leaning against the side of the cart she opens her pack pulling out an apple. She lifts it in the air towards Freyo, “Now, you better be good. I couldn’t find anywhere to tie you down.” her eyes narrow as she looks into Freyo’s. His mouth chewing on grass spots the apple, turning his body the cart move causing Shay to fling onto her back. 


‘Hey, I said be good.” Getting to her feet she blows some dirt off the apple as she wipes it on her shirt. “Now, you be good.” The horse stares at the apple as he snatches it out of her head barely missing her fingers. “Hey!” Shay reacts in surprise, “I need those fingers.”


Freyo snorts as she swears hes laughing at her. He turns around eating the apple whole then returning to the grass as he wanders around but stays near her. Checking on Dirge she brushes the hair out of his eyes as his body still looks pale but warm, alive. Sighing she sits nearby the small stream as she pulls out a small flask that she kept from the previous day. Filling it up then putting her hand into the stream cups some of the water in her palm as she sips the cold refreshing water, she feels her parched lips crack as the water slowly hydrates them. Her throat clears as she tries to swallow the water. After managing to not choke on it she goes back in slurping up so much water she stuffs her belly, laying down on the grass on her back. The warm summer breeze blowing across her face, her hand reaching up where she once had hair but now is just a nearly cut off head of hair. Sighing again she closes her eyes as Freyo slowly walks over to her. Laying down he sets his body near her allowing her to use his belly as a pillow. She smiles as she rubs his belly, “Thank you.”


Freyo looks at her swallowing some more grass hes been chewing on, snorting again he turns his head away. Shay’s body relaxes as the sun warms her skin, the water in her belly sloshes around as she breathes. Letting the warm summer air wash across her face she opens her eyes leaning up from Freyo she looks in her bag and sees only half a loaf of bread. Sighing she pulls it out of her bag, breaking off a small piece popping it into her mouth, trying to chew slowly to savor whatever she can. Looking over her shoulder towards the cart she sighs again chewing on the small bread she allowed herself to ration out. “Alone again.” Shay turning her head to look at Freyo’s head. “Atleast I got you buddy.” She pats him on the back as Freyo neighs, standing up. 


Shay almost rolls onto her back as Freyo stands, grabbing her bag she ties to shut again. Setting it the cart with Dirge’s body she makes sure to keep the flask on her, patting her pants she doesnt feel any pockets, “What the hell, whats with men and no pockets on these things. Where do they keep things?!” Shay shutters at the idea of where men keep things if they have no pant pockets. Not being defeated she looks around, the coast is clear. Untying her bag again she rilfes around in it, “Ah, I was saving you but nows a good time as any.” She pulls out a small pair of shorts. Calling Freyo over she uses his body to cover as she peaks over the horse and around, “Coast clear, mission go!” Shay whispering to herself.


With practiced motion she takes grabs the waist band of her pants, bending over she slides them down. Kicking them to the side she puts one leg and then another through the pair of shorts. Pulling them up she realizes as her face turns red, “Well, no one will know right, haha” nervously she laughs as she looks at Freyo who snorts walking away. “Hey wait!” chasing after Freyo the shorts ending just above her knees she runs faster as she feels more free, keeping up with Freyo she splays her arms out to feel the breeze as she walks. Her necklace bouncing on her chest as she runs, Freyo starts to gallop as Shay leaps into the air landing on the back of Freyo, she winces. “Ouch.” she bares down on her teeth, whispering trying to hide the pain. “Note to self, Don’t do that.”


Smiling through the stinging between her legs, slowly turning into a dull throbbing she relaxes. In the distance she can spot the movement of the King’s army as she approaches a hill. Making her way to the top she can see in the distance the Forsaken Forest, the kings men soon to arrive there. Freyo neighs as Shay can feel that even her horse feels the air get thicker as they head closer to the forest. 


As the afternoon gives way to the night, Shay looks head as the sun slowly sets behind the forest, its like being blocked or even absorbed by the thick darkness in the forest. Approaching the army she slows down making her way off to the side hidden behind some giant boulders and trees that line the edge of the forest. Tying her horse to the thickest tree she could find, “That should hold you.” Shay smiles as she runs her hand through his thick and soft mane. 


Unhooking the cart as well pulling it over to a rock she sets the tounge of it on the rock so the cart stays level. Checking on Dirge his skin still pale but burnt from the sun. “Oops, i forgot to cover your face.” Shay kneels beside the cart. Taking his hand into hers, his skin cold as she caressed it across her face trying to warm it. “I will free you. This is my Burden.” Standing as she gently puts his hand back covering him with the blanket. She turns to face her horse, her steps heavy as she knows what she has to do. Pulling Freyos head towards her as she butts her forehead against the side of Freyo’s. Her hand shakes as she gently carresses his face, a tear rolls down Shay’s face as she kisses Freyo on the side of the head.


“Look after him will you.” Talking to Freyo as she looks one final time at Dirge’s body. Freyo neighs as he seems to understand her and what she must do. Grabbing her necklace rips it off holding the small sword in her palm. Closing her eyes she concentrates as the blade begins to hum, glowing more dim white. Expanding in her palm, grasps it feeling its weight. She holds it close to her as she sneaks along the edge of the forest. Looking back taking her final look back at her horse she turns to face the Forsaken Forest. “I won’t fail you.” Whispering to herself gripping the sword tightly in her hand.


Carefully avoiding patrols of men, the king seems to not be taking any risk. As she nears the camp at the entrance of the forest men are chopping trees as their heavy weight thuds and shakes the ground as they fall to the ground. Fires of greed burn bright as the supervisor stands at the top of a tower in the middle of the camp. Looking towards the entrance giving commands to his men. Shay uses this opportunity to sneak past the front gate, her sword clinks on a nearby box as she sneaks past. One of the guards gets alerted as he turns to check on the noise. 


His spear pointed straight out as he gets closer to Shay, she hides as much as she can behind some broken wagon wheels. Peaking through them she sees the spear first then the guard as he looks around, her head lowers getting low as she can. “Must be the forest playing tricks on us.” The guard mutters to himself as he stands up straight heading back to his post at the front gate. Shay now realizing shes been holding her breath lets it out, “Phew.” Waiting till the coast is clear she leaves the spot, making her way through the maze of tents and random soliders walking around. 


The smell of the food in the air as she nears what must be the mess tent on the edge of the camp, her stomach growls. Shaking her sword, “Go back down will you.” but to no avail the sword remains its normal size but still glows with a dim white light. She looks around as she hides the sword in a nearby sack of grain. “Stay here.” whispering to the sword as she taps the side of the bag. Making her way to the back of the tent she spots two cooks standing out back with tobacoo pipes in their mouth. 


“This forest gives me the creeps.” One of the cooks says, his clothing more clean. “Yea I heard that they hear whispers coming from the forest itself.” The other cook whos apron is covered in blood. "Yea well, I heard that the king left in a hurry last time. Something spooked him and his brother. They both retreated and signed this weird truce. No one has set foot in these woods till today.” the voice trails off as they both head back into the tent. Shay looking around the corner seeing it’s clear sneaks close as she can to the tent. As her head peaks in she can see the two cooks going back to work. The first one serving food onto plates while the other cuts up the meat from the mornings arrival. 


Taking a big sniff her nose is filled with all the smells of wonderful meat and potatoes being cooked, spices being added to the vegetables. Her stomach growls more so loud it alerts the cook whos cutting up meat, his cleaver in hand he steps away from the table. “Who’s there.” 


Shay panics as she spots a freshly cooked steak on a plate, she dashes in as the wind gusts through the tent the cooks aprons fly up into their face blocking their view, grabbing the plate she makes a run for it clutching it close to her as she runs out of the tent and towards the Forsaken Forest, as she looks behind seeing the two cooks stepping out of the tent looking around. Giving up they smack the air, “Ah, not worth the time. Stupid forest.”


As the cooks walks back into the tent, shay hides behind a massive tree going deeper than she wanted to. Looking down at the plate the steak covered with random twigs and leaves, picking them off. “Not wasting you my dear.” picking the steak up in her hands holding it in front of her face its as big as her face, her eyes widen as she goes to town on it. Wasting no time she almost inhales the steak, looking down she realizes all the vegetables flew off as she ran. “Oh well, atleast I got some meat.”


Tossing the plate to the side she checks around her realizing she left her sword behind. “Fuck.”

Shay leaning against a tree hides from a patrol as she tries to sneak back towards the encampment to retrieve her sword. Nearing the cooks tent where she left her sword in a nearby sack of grain, spots a shadow approaching from in front of her. Voices of men are heard as they chat about nothing, staying silent and perfectly still Shay sticks to the tent wall as it flaps in the wind. After what seems like forever the voices trail off as the shadows are seen to be moving away.


Finally reaching the cooks tent she can’t smell any more food being cooked and the tone of the tent has become still and quiet. Looking around she spots the sack of grain still sitting there, making her way to the bag checking to see if the coast is clear dives into the bag. Searching and searching she cant find it, starting to get nervous she dumps the bag out slipping the contents all over the ground. Franticly she searches through the loose grains. Her heart skins and her skin turns pale, “I can’t find it, where is it…where is it…” she mutters to herself trying not to panic. 


Giving up hope and draining all the bags she could find the ground is covered in wasted grains. She kneels on the ground, her face in her hands as she starts to weep. “I lost it, again. I failed again. Grandpa I am sorry.” Falling face first into a pile of grain she cries more sinking into the grains. Her nose hits something hard, something cool, something…metal. Scrambling up she tears into the pile of grain and at the bottom is a shiny piece of silver metal. Grabbing for it she holds it above her head, its her sword. Standing up clutching it near her chest she jumps for joy in the air alittle to loudly as she alerts a nearby guard. 


As she lands she turns around to see two men fully armored with spears pointed at her, putting her arms behind her back she slips the sword between her shorts and underwear. Her face wide with a nervous smile, “Beauitful night isn’t it.” She looks up as she does the two guards do was well. Using it as a distraction she makes a break for it, the two guards snap back and chase her, “Hey, get back here!” one of the two guards yell, alerting others men start to speak up. The camp slowly comes alive as she is now dodged and hiding from getting captured.


“There she is!” A voice is heard shouting as others start searching towards her. Her breathing is heavy as she runs from the guards, constantly moving. Each time she gets close to a way out they block her in. Seeing an opening over the fence she sprints for it. “Shes over here!” A guard shouts loudly as Shay rushes past him, knocking him back his heavy armor hitting the ground making a loud crashing sound.


Shay smiles as she looks over her shoulder as she sprints full speed towards the fence, sticking her tounge out at the guard she knocked over. The next thing she feels is pain, pain in her face and back. Shes laying on the ground, looking up she is seeing stars and not the ones in the night sky. Slowly a shadow looms over her, “Well well, who do we have here.” she sees the mans face slowly being revealed in the light as he bends down, his gaze looking over her body. 


“Captain Telios, sir!” A guard runs up to him clearly out of shape and out of breath, he keels over trying to catch his breath. “Take this girl to the holding tent. She is to be watched at all times.” the captain orders his men. Saluting the captain another couple guards have made their way over to them. Picking up the woozy Shay they drag her body across the camp, she sees figures of men with torches and spears all cheering and whistling at her. Passing the central tower in the yard pulling her into a tent with two poles burried into the ground, chaining each arm to each pole they let her body hang by its limbs.


Two guard’s stand watch inside the tent as the face Shay, shes awake but barely. Fading in and out, she hears bits and piece of talking but not enough to make out any words. 


“Leave us be.” She hears as loud footsteps are heard, the metal clinks on the ground with each step. Tilting her face up she can see the captain and a fat man behind him dressed in expensive looking fabrics. “You must be the girl I keep hearing about.” She sees the fat man walk around the captain, his steps heavy with his weight. Putting his hand on the captains shoulder, “Look at this poor thing captain.” the fat man grabs his belly as he laughs so hard he almost coughs. 


Stepping before Shay he puts his hand under her chin, her emerald eyes looking up at him. The light illumates them enough to see a flicker of hate, of fear, of pain in her eyes. Looking down at her his thick fat hand touching her body, his hand slides down from her chin, one finger traces down her neck, she tries to resist. “Hold her still!” He turns over his shoulder calling to the two guards in the room.


They rush over each grabbing an arm they look at each other, they don’t want to do this. Not wanting to defy the king they grip the girl by the arms as they pull her up to her feet. Keeping her still using the chains to limit her movement the king steps foward. His short stature makes him the same height as her, his gaze lingers from her emerald eyes, slowly she feels his gaze. Lowering down her face, his finger resumes it’s journey. She looks away, powerless. A look of lust and greed in the man’s eyes as his hands reach out grabbing the air. She closes her eyes and braces herself. A tear wells up in the corner of her eye, she can’t look. Her mind drifts to thoughts of her Grandpa, how he would tell his stories everynight to her. No matter how many times she heard them, she always loved to listen to him. His words and presence was warm and comforting, safe.


Her mind starts to ignore reality as the man is about to begin his acts of violation on her. She feels the warmth of the summer sun when she was a little girl. Picking flowers in the nearby meadow, making tiny flower crowns for all the woodland animals that would scurry around her. She feels the man’s gross hand fondle her over her shirt, his sounds of joy only cause her to wince in pain. She wants to scream, say something but shes powerless. Closing her eyes as much as she can she starts to hum, the king’s hands exploring her body. Her thoughts trying to shift from the act to happy memories. Humming louder trying to drown out the sounds of the man, his joy. The other two guards look away in disgust. The captain puts his hand up as his mouth opens, but nothing comes out. Lowering his arm he turns around to face the other direction. 


Shay wants it to be over, just let him have what he wants. It will be over, it will be over she repeats to herself as she hums. The king’s lust takes full control, his focus is to futhur down. His hands run slides down her belly, feeling how sweaty they are, his breath smelly with the dinner he ate before this. Feeling his hand reaching nearing it’s destination on her body, shes about to scream, as her mouth opens men are heard screaming.


“Run! Run! The forest! It..” The voice is cut off and replaced with a blood curdling scream. More and more screams are heard intertwined with sounds of metal as swords and spears are drawn. Snarls and growls so horrible that the very bones of their bodies shake in fear. 


“My Lord, we must get you to safety.” The captain standing outside the tent as men run around, beasts and creatures randomly scatter. The king looks at Shay and then back at the captain, then looking back at Shay her eyes staring into his. He kisses her lips as he releases from her, “You two secure her. Bring her with us.”


As the two men nod their faces covered with fear, the king runs off with the Captain leaving Shay alone with these two. One of the guards pulls out a set of keys, his hands shaking so badly he can’t find the right one to unlock her. All three look at the same time to the dark entryway of the tent, as the flap swings with the wind they see random fires scattered. In the little window as the flap swings open they see a beast, three times the size of a wolf. It’s fangs dripping with blood, the other guard panics as he gets between the beast and them. He rasies his shield and sword. His nerves are visable, his voice trembles. He tries to speak but all that comes out is, “Hurry…hurry….”


The other guard fumbles dropping the keys on the ground, dropping to his knees his hand searching through the dark the ground loose sand. In his panic he doesn’t realize he is buring the keys more and more. His helmet falls off his head, he leans foward to grab it. His hand touches the helmet he feels a wettness on his hand. Looking up in his face is a pair of fangs that are drooling saliva and blood, a finger caught between the beasts teeth. He tries to scream as the beast lunges foward biting his neck, Shay looks away from him as she looks foward the other guard panics as he turns his back to save his friend. 


Doing so left him open, the beast from the front leaps through the door. Pouncing on top of him, it’s sharp claws digging into the mans chest. Shay starts to panic as both of the men are being eaten alive around her. Trying to free herself she can’t break the chains. In her struggles the beast in front of her looks up, chewing on pieces of flesh from the freshly killed man. Blood covers it’s nose and face, drooling as it snarls at her. The beasts body turns walking over the dead body, making it’s way slowly towards Shay. Lowering it’s body about to pounce she closes her eyes. The beast leaps, time stops.


Opening her eyes expecting to being eaten alive she sees this massive beast frozen in the air, its mouth open inches from her face. Looking behind her she feels a small vibration coming from behind her. “The sword!” she gasps.


Closing her eyes she frees herself, she lets the light hug her. Thoughts of her Grandpa fill her mind, she lets out a small smile whispering, “I’m sorry Grandpa.” as shes bathed in a brilliant white light, as its cast down from the heavens. She feels a warmth surrounding her lifting her up into the air. The chains stopping her from going higher, her eyes are closed. Her thoughts focused on the voice, “I am proud of you kid.” she hears a familiar voice. “That was the last of the power that remained in the sword. It protected you up to now, but now my dearest Shay.” she can feel his hand on her face, gently carressing it. “It’s time for you to let go, make it your own.” his voice starts to trail off, she feels his presense slowly fading away. “Grandpa.” Shay tries to call out in her head, she listens for his voice now very faint. “Break free Shay.”


Her eyes open, her hair growing. It’s length returns to it’s orginal size, shimmering in the white light around her. Her emerald green eyes turn to red. Her body heating up, growing excited. The chains melting off her wrists falling into a molten pool as it quickly cools on the ground. Her long ruby red hair flows around, putting her hand up the tiny sword floats up from behind her. Gently hovering over her palm, closing her eyes a name enters her mind, “Icarus”.


The sword vibrates glowing a dim white as the hue shifts to red. As she speaks the name a whirlwind twists around her kicking up all the dust. Covering her eye’s at first she feels the air around her is calm, opening one eye she sees the dust swirling all around her like in the eye of a tornado. Above her spins a brilliant red spear, she realizes the spear is causing the whirlwind. Looking down at her hand she sees the palm glowing red as a red tattoo with a symbol shes never seen before slowly appearing. 


Putting her palm up to face the spinning spear it slows down, the wind ceases as the spear gently lands in her palm. Gripping it tightly in her hand and then the other, it’s weight is perfect. She tests it by swinging it around over her head, shes never used a spear before but somehow she instinctly knows what to do. 


A huge grin spreads across her face, she forgot the frozen beast in the air. Her hand glides along the coarse fur of the beast as she walks along side it. As she reaches the end of the beast time resumes, the beast confused flying through the spot that she was. The other beast unfreezes as well the two of them colliding. Turning she walks outside the tent, screams being heard in the distance of both men and beast alike. Standing there she grips her spear in her hand looking around for a way out. Spotting a path, dead bodies are laid about randomly, some still barely alive holding their parts there were once inside them now outside of them.


The smell of the fire as it burns the camp down, the scent of the copper in the blood wafting through the air. The air is thick with death and destruction. She spots a carriage taking off with horses barely attached to it. A solider on the back trying his best to get a beast that has latched itsself into the wood of the carriage, it’s body hitting the ground with each bump the horses frantic sprinting. As the beast is struck in the head killing it, it’s body goes limp as it body bounces across the ground being pushed off the carriage, riding away into the night full speed towards Nasco.


Shay watched as the carriage vanished into the night, using this chance she grabs hold her spear holding it behind her running towards her way of escaping. The tower burns like a beacon in the night, she hears the foundation creak as the fire burns away at the wood. He pace quickens, she can’t turn back now. Her focus split between the falling tower and her exit she lowers her head and points her spear foward as she leaps rolling in the air, a jet of air blows behind her. It was just enough of a boost as the tower crashes behind her as she rolls on the ground across the dirt. Looking back as she props herself up by her arms, her breathing is heavy. Her body aches, looking down she clutches her ribs as they throb with pain as each breath she takes feels like she has thorns in her lungs.


Using her spear to help her walk, she clutches her ribs with one arm while the other grips her spear as it digs into the ground with each step. Looking up she can see the exit is up ahead, its size growing to indicate shes moving closer to it. “Almost there Shay.” She whispers to herself, her ribs feel like they are on fire. 


“We finally meet alone.” A mysterious voice is heard as a man steps out from a pile of burning boxes. Standing between her and the exit he faces her. His hand on the hilt of his sword, his body covered head to toe with armor. A cape that waves in the wind with the blood red colors of Nasco with the symbol of a coin outlined with gold. His black eyes focused on her, as she fights past the pain in her ribs standing straight up pulling her spear out of the ground, one hand still over her ribs the other gripping the spear between her arm and body holding it with a firm grip, her stance lowers to guard. The man looks over his shoulder looking at the exit and then back to Shay he takes a bow, “Captain Teilos at your service, the kings personal guard.” He slowly straightens out, reaching up to carefully remove his cape. Shay stands there still on guard, the spear pointed out from her body to create distance. 


As he folds his cape setting it down on a nearby box, walking back to stand in her way of leaving this place. Slowly he unsheaths his sword, the shiny blade grinds against the leather. Holding it in one hand he steps back with one foot, digging into the dirt. “I was instructed to either ensure your capture and return to Nasco…” he starts to shrug as he smirks, “Or, see to it your death by my hand.” 


Without warning he leaps at Shay, she raises her spear pain shoots through her ribs causing her to not perfetly parry his attack. The blade slides down the shaft, mustering some strenght she lifts her hand causing the blade to deflect off the spear and over her head, leaving his side open she spins around the spear pinned against her body as she hits him directly in the side with the back end of the spear. The force of the impact against his metal armor sends a vibration through her spear and into her hand. She bites down to fight the sting in her hands trying not to drop the spear. Recovering from the strike Telios counters by swinging backhanded with one hand, Shay can’t block it so instead she ducks down bending backwards. Her ribs feel like they just shattered more as she falls flat on her back, dodging the blade. 


The wind gets knocked out of her as she gasps like a fish out of water, Telios turns after recovering from the stumble as he misses her. Turns to see her on her back, her body showing signs of intense pain. Her mouth gasping for air as her lungs feel like they are dust. A evil smirk from the corner of his lip, his hand grips the sword tighter. Like a predator playing with its soon to be kill he casually walks over to her body thats lays on the ground in pain. Lifting his sword above his head he swings straight down, clink. Shay lifts the spear to block the hit, Telios laughs as he goes to strike again. Lifting her spear to closes her eyes feeling the sword and spear clash, the weight and power behind his strike is pure anger. Like a rabid animal he strikes again, again, again and again, over and over. Each clash she blocks the attacks, each hit feels heavier, the spear feeling like it weighs a ton in the palm of her hand.


Sparks fly with each strike, his face with rage. “It was supposed to be me.” Striking harder then before, her strenght gives out in his final blow. The spear rolls on the ground at his feet, his chest heaving as his face shows nothing but desire, the leather that wrapped around the hilt of the blade is heard as Telios squeezes it, his laugh turning more psychotic. Through the haze of blood in her eyes seeing a figure standing above her the sword streaks with oranges, yellows and reds. His face reflected in the blade, his smile that of joy. He grunts and screams as the blade starts to fall, her eyes are closed, helpless. A horse is heard in the distance, Telios stops mid swing as he looks back behind him. His vision is filled with white as Freyo charges in ramming straight into Telios. His body flies across straight into a pile of burning wood. His hand is seen sticking out, as the fire erupts more around him. 


Freyo looks down at Shay nudging her with his head she wakes up, “Who…” her vision returning seeing a white horse above her, she raises her hand up as the horse moves around allowing her to grasp the saddle straps. Using the straps and horse as leverage slowly and painfully she rises to her feet. Kicking the spear, bends over to grab it her ribs won’t last longer, her breathing so heavy to try and get any sort of air inside her. Using the spear and one final push she climbs on top of Freyo, grabbing to whatever she can the horse takes off through the exit and out of the camp that is now nearly burnt to the ground, the screams of the last few remaining men are heard in the distance, Freyo sprinting with fury in its legs. Shay sees Freyo gallaop past the cart that contained Dirge in it, her voice weak “Wait….Dirge….”


Freyo neighs lowering her head and picking up more speed, the cart grows smaller in her vision, blackness takes over, her hand reaching for the cart. Her body gives out.



Freyo never stopping as he went as fast as his four legs would go. Shay bouncing on his back the saddle cushioning some of the blunt force as her hand has locked its grip on the strap, almost sub consciously holding on as to not fall off. Getting to the top of the final hill Nasco in the distance, Freyo stops for just a moment. It’s face detirmened, Shay’s body moans and groans but shes still alive. Charging down the hill Freyo pushes past his limits carrying Shay on his back, the gates to Nasco closing ahead as the carriage that has the king arrived. To far away to make it Freyo directs his body to forest and river that runs along side the high walls of the city. His long face smashes through the brush and branches, as he sees his destination. A man sitting next to a metal grate where a stream of water from the city empties into the river stream.


The man stands holding his torch up, “Who’s there?” the man whispers trying to see whos there as a white horse leaps out from the bushes, landing in front of the man the horse digs its hooves into the dirt slowing its momentem down as Shay’s grip fails her body rolls off Freyo’s saddles and her into the river her face down in the water as it slowly starts to carry her. The man drops the torch as he runs through the ankle high stream, grabbing the girl he sees the horse fall over, its belly breathing so hard that hes never heard a horse gasp for air before.


The girl, alive but seriously hurt he looks around as he knocks on the gate.  A man appears with a torch in his hand, sticking his head out he looks around around the opening of the small gate. Seeing a unconscious girl barely hanging on scrambling back into the tunnel, appearing moments later with a cloth. Laying it down in the tunnel floor they two men pull her body onto the cloth. 


“Who is she?” the first man asks. “I don’t know, never seen her in my life. But that horse..” the second man points to Freyo. “Thats not a normal horse, see the brand its from the kings army.” The first man looks back over his shoulder and sees the brand on the horse’s saddle. “What do we do with her?” The first man asks the other one, looking down to see this girl on a cloth. “We take her to Mama, she will know what to do.” The second man suggesting. “Now help me drag her.”


The two men each grab an end of the cloth as they drag her along the tunnels, the smell fills the air from the streets above. Down below however, the smell is worse. Garbage, human waste, rotting food, dead animals and anyone who was unlucky enough to end up down here. Shay slowly stirs breifly opening her eyes, “Dirge…” is all she could get out before passing out again. 


The two men look at each other and shrug their shoulders, “No idea who that is.” The first man says, “Me either.” the other in response.


The tunnel starts to widen till eventually it opens to a massive underground system. It’s like a city under the city, the tunnel leads them to a back entrance into the city. At the end of the tunnel the second man looks down over the edge, “Ill climb down, then you can lower her.” Lowering himself down and slowly crawling over the edge, his feet just dangling a few feet above the ground. Letting go he safely drops to the ground holding his hands up the first man slowly pushes Shay’s body towards the edge, as he feet hang off the lip of the tunnel the first man stands on his tips of his toes, grabbing her feet he slowly drags her down as the first man lowers her making sure to protect her head.


Safely lowering her a couple of shady characters walk out from the dark alley next to them, “Well, well well, looks like we got some fresh meat.” as the two men enter what little light there is they each are holding daggers in their hand’s. “I got this Jim.” The second man tells the first, “Ill take her to Mama then, try not to hurt them to much Bob.” the first man says, lifting her on his shoulder he carries her away into the darkness leaving Bob there with these two men.


Bob helps get Shay on Jim’s shoulder then turns his focus to the other two men, walking towards them he cracks his knuckles. Reaching into his coat pocket pulling out a pair of metal knuckles, firmly sliding them onto each his hands he raises his arms and grins. “Well, we don’t have all day.” his eyes darting between the two as they spilt up, one going right the other left. They circle around them, smiling as they fiddle with their daggers in their hands. “Should of had your friend stay.” One of the thieves say his voice low and raspy. “Well, it’s an unfair fight now as it is.” Bob remarks back, excitement in his voice. “You seem to be sure of yourself.” the theif says trying to distract Bob.


Lunging at Bob when his back is turned one of the thieves leads with his dagger, the dagger’s target is Bob’s back. Bob smirks as his focus is on the other one, the attacking thief screams in pain as Bob spins to grab the mans hand, squeezing it. The man drops the dagger as his hand is crushed, “You broke my hand you bastard.” the man using his other arm tries to punch Bob. Bob counter’s with lighting speed as his hand connects with the mans face. Flying back the man slides across the ground as Bob turns back to face the first thief. 


“There, now it’s fair.” Bob laughs charging towards the first thief, the man puts his dagger up to block. Bob’s smiles as he ducks under the mans counter, Bob’s arm lands perfectly centered on the man, he instantly falls to his knees and vomits up blood. Bob slowly stands up and cleans his metal knuckles off the mans clothes, then putting them away he looks down at the man on the ground. “I wasn’t even warmed up yet.” Bob spits on the man as he walks away heading the direction his friend took Shay.


Jim carrying Shay walks up a huge gate with two heavily armed men standing guard, “Halt.” The guard pointing his hand out. “Fuck off.” Jim says walking past them, “Just doing my job Jim.” the guard yells as Jim up to him, the gates open. Revealing a massive unground makeshift mansion. Random people moving around as they see Jim carrying this random girl. Shay stirs awake again slightly, her vision very blurry. “Where…am I?” Shay woozily says. “Mama’s” Jim says walking up a set of stairs leading into a massive wooden door. 


As the doors open Jim walks into the building. Shay’s vision slowly improving, she can make out figures in the building. The room they are in has a couple at the entrance, as they walk up the hallway and to the set of stairs to the next level. People move out the way as mutter to themselves seeing someone new. Shay’s vision gets better as Jim works his way up the stairs. Getting to the top Shay speaks up, “I think…I can walk now.” Jim turning his head he gently lowers her to feet. Shes unsteady at first but steadies herself. “Where am I?” She says.


“Mama’s follow me.” Jim says as he continues walking, Shay trying to question him but hes already walking away. “Hey wait up!” she says catching up to him she walks keeps pace with him. “So who’s Mama?” her voice is nervous. “Shes the queen of the Underbelly.” Jim remarks, stopping to face her. “She can answer all your questions.” 


“Why can’t you?” Shay demands. He smirks and then opens the door thats behind him Shay was to busy talking to notice. “Because, she can answer them. She is waiting for you.” He steps out of the way the doors revealing a big room full of junk but in the middle is a throne made out of random things, sitting on it is a woman who looks to be in her 40’s. Wearing clothing that is slightly more fancy then everyone else, she slowly stands as walks towards Shay, noticing she has a slight limp in her walk. “Ah, you must be the girl who was found with a King’s army horse. Everyone calls me Mama, that includes you.” she grins as she chuckles. Standing before Shay, shes equal in height. Her hair is frizzy but long, it’s color is different then the rest. One half is white the other is green, Shay looks closer at her hair. “Thats so cool! Your hair that is.” Shay blurts out loud. Mama smiles like a mother would at her child, her hand gently pats her shoulder making her way to the side of her. 


“So is yours, the girl with the ruby hair.” Mama walks away from Shay to a makeshift table that has a couple dirty looking mugs on it. Grabbing one the mugs she downs the contents as she makes a satisfying noise. “Your pretty famous down here you know that?” mama speaking to Shay, her hands pouring herself another drink from an unlabeled bottle. “Thirsty?” shaking the bottle at Shay. Nodding her head, “Beyond belief I am!” walking up to Mama and grabbing the mug from her hand. Taking a sip from it she instantly spits it out, “What the hell is that? Poison?” shay spitting the liquid out, mama laughing at her. “Alcohol…well…close enough anyway.” smiling as she then proceeds to drink the rest, showing its empty she throws it as it shatters against the wall. “So, what is the Girl with the Ruby hair doing with a King’s horse?” Mama’s tone more serious, facing Shay the look in her eyes is cautious. 


“Freyo? Well you see what happened was…” Shay then explains everything that happened at the camp to Mama. As she finishes the story Mama walks over to her throne, sitting on it crossing her legs. Her arm proping her head up, her eyes and face lost in thought. Shay stands there silently, waiting for Mama’s next move.


“So, the truce is over huh. Been that long already.” Mama speaking to herself. “So, let me get this straight.” Mama stands up and walks around the room, her hands behind her back as she tries to piece everything together. “You and this boy, Dirge was it. You and Dirge.” 


Shay speaking up, “And Freyo!”


“Yes yes, the horse. So you three followed the kings army as they headed to the Forsaken Forest. Dirge unconcious but you won’t tell me why. Then on a cart you pull him to the king’s encampment. You leave him behind so you can sneak in, then your belly takes over and you steal food, leave your weapon behind and get caught. Then as the king was fondling you the camp was attacked by monsterous creatures from the forest. That about do it?”


Shay thinks for a second, “I think so…oh there was something with the Captain but it’s all hazy I can’t remember I just know him and I met as I was trying to escape.” she then panics as the necklace is missing from her neck. “Where is it!” Shay panics as she looks around the room. “Where’s what?” mama obviously confused at what Shay is looking for. “My necklace, it was a gift from my Grandpa.” Shay panics more as she can’t find it anywhere. “You didn’t have a necklace when my men found you.” her mind clicks, “How did you find us?”


Shay’s face almost in tears, “I lost it again.” her head in her hands as she starts to cry completely ignoring mama she falls to her knees full on crying. “Now now girl we will find your necklace, if not well, lesson learned.” Mama says as she snaps her finger, Jim opens the door. “Yes Mama.” he asks. “Find this girls necklace, start by looking where you found her.” Mama order’s Jim. He nods closing the door, turning her attention back to Shay.


“So, now answer me. How did you find us?” Mama stands over Shay a look on her face that means business. “I…I don’t know…” Shay says sobbing, “I passed out in the camp and next thing I knew I was on your henchman’s shoulder. I don’t even know where I am right now.” Shay looks up at Mama, leaning down to wipe the tears from Shay’s eyes. “Your in my world, welcome to the Underbelly.” Mama helps her up, brushing the dirt off her clothes. “Now, we have plenty of time. But you must be exhausted and hungry, I know I am. So, why don’t you follow one of my men he will take you to your room you can stay for the night. Rest, eat, be well. We will talk in the morning. Now go.” Mama claps her hands the door opens, two men emerge from the hallways. “Take her to her room, see that shes taken care of. Shes under Mama’s protection.” the men nod as they grab Shay’s arm she tries to resist and speak to Mama. The men take her out of the room, the door closes as Mama is seen to be sitting back on her throne as the doors close. “Fine, fine. Ill go with you, I can walk myself you know.” Shay says pushing the guys away.


“Fine, but stay close.” one man says, “Yea who knows what may happen to a pretty thing like you in the Underbelly.” The other man laughs as the first one joins in. Shay’s face is that of disgust, they start walking as she follows them. The hallways while long are very simple, leading from Mama’s room is three hallways each one leading a different direction. The one they came from the stairs, one to a balcony at the end of and the other is a bunch of rooms. Almost looks like a hotel with the amount of rooms in the hallway. Leading her down the hallway with the rooms, each door with a number on it starting at 101. 


Leading her down the hallway past the doors he stops in front of door 106, unlocking it he steps aside. “Your room, for your safety you won’t be allowed past this room. If you need anything ask whoever is guarding your door at the time. I leave you be.” 


Shay is hesitant at first but she nods to him, looking inside the room she steps in. Seeing it with a simple bed, a window that is boarded up. She tries to ask something but the man closes the door as she hears the door lock. Sighing she proceeds more into the simple bedroom. Feeling the bed it’s not the most soft thing but it’s better than nothing, the window even though heavily boarded up she can look through the tiny slit that was missed, enough to put her hand through but not enough for her body. Although she checks the boards making sure they are secured, she doesn’t think about escaping.


“Where would I even go?” muttering to herself as she pulls on the boards. Stepping away from the window she turns her attention to exploring the rest of her room. The dresser with only one drawer in it, a wooden bucket with some dirty looking towels next to it. Another bucket on the ground thats smaller, a smell coming from it that she recognizes. Igoring that smaller one she heads to the bigger one, stepping up to it she sees its full of water, her hand traces across the surface, it’s cold. Heading to the dresser pulling open the one door revealing nothing inside it. “Shit.” whispering to herself. Heading to the door she knocks on it, a muffled male voice on the other side. “What do you want already.” it’s the man who escorted her here.


“I don’t have any clean clothes.” she yells through the door. “Well, get cleaning then you have a wash bucket.” she hears a muffled chuckle. She backs away from the door, “Well, shit.” Shay thinks to herself. Making sure the door is locked she jiggles the handle. “Hey, I just told you to use the bucket we don’t have anything for it.” as a muffled voice of the man comes through the door.


Shay backs away, “I wasn’t…oh nevermind.” angerly she stomps towards the wash bucket. Seeing her reflection in the water her face bloody, her hair covered with dirt and debris. Looking down she finally takes time to see herself, her clothes are ragged and torn. “Wait…when did I get these?” noticing her clothes are different than her previous ones. Instead she is wearing a leather vest and pants with red fabric on the inside of it. Her feet are bare as she feels the cold wooden floor beneath her feet. Reaching for the bottem of the vest she gently pulls it up over her head, her body covered with cuts and bruises. Setting the vest on the bed she looks up to see herself in a very dirty mirror, her body is more toned. Her forearms have bulked up, her body overall more fit. Her ruby red hair while dirty is still seen in the dim light from the lamp on the bedside table. 


Tugging on the waist her pants she slides them down her toned legs, sitting on the bed kicking the pants to the side she sits there. The mirror reflecting whats in front of it, her sitting on the bed in her dirty undergarments. Her hand running across each cut and bruise as flashbacks pop up in her head of the fight with Telios. The fear she had, the change. Freyo….Dirge…. all running through her mind. Lost in thought shes startled by lock on the door clicking, followed by a knock and then someone entering.


“Don’t worry dear, its just us girls.” Shay seeing Mama appear into her room from the hallway holding a simple white shirt and pants. “Figured you would need these, nothing special.” Setting them on the bed, looking at the nearly naked Shay. Seeing the cuts and bruises all over her body, “How you holding up?” mama asks as she slowly sits next to Shay.


“I still don’t know, its all fragmented. I remember some more but I can’t make sense of it. I feel something but I can’t remember, I feel different…” she turns to mama whos now sitting next to her. “Like physically…it’s like my body changed.” Shay’s voice full of doubt and questions. 


Mama leaning back using her arms to support her, leaning her head against her shoulder looking at Shay. Looking at her hands and body Shay is just in shock. “Well, I’m sure it will all come back to you. Say, what say you and me go get some dinner? My treat.” She winks to Shay. Nodding to Mama, “I like the sound of that.” Looking at the clothes she brought in that are sitting on the edge of the bed. Shay slowly starts to stand as does Mama. “Ill let you get cleaned up, ill be back shortly.” Mama hands Shay one of the dry towels before rubbing the top of her head with it knocking some dirt loose. Chuckling to herself she leaves the towel on top of Shay’s head whos face is that of confusion. But going with it Shay smiles and nods, Mama then nods back and walking towards the door she knocks on it, “It’s Mama.” the door clicks and opens to let her out.


Shay looks at the clothes and then the bucket of water her stomach growls. “Food…” her mouth starts to drool. Shaking her head she snaps out of it, grabbing the towel off her head she decides not much to do. Dunking her head into the water and using her hands to wash out as much dirt from it as possible. The water quickly clouds up as the dirt leaves her hair. Holding her breath she dunks the rest of her head under. Vigoriously rubbing her hair till shes satisfied. 


Lifting her head out of the water as she gasps for air, looking into the dirty mirror she sees her now wet hair dripping onto the table and her body. Squeezing the water out of hair and into the bucket of water, her hair more clean now then before. Next grabbing the towel dipping it into the water to soak it, using it to slowly wipe off the dirt, grime and blood from her body. The water makes her skin crawl with how cold it is. Getting herself as clean as she can, quickly puts on the clothes Mama brought, finishing putting on the shirt she hears the door unlock and open with Mama’s voice entering the room.


“You ready yet dear? I’m starving.” Mama’s voice is laced with hunger. Shay finishing putting on her shirt and adjusting it and taking one final look into the mirror to adjust what she can with her hair being as wet as it is dripping onto her shirt a bit causing the shoulders to get damp slighty. Nod to herself as she looks into the mirror, “You got this girl.” Shay then heads out the door where Mama is waiting.


As Shay leaves the bedroom the hallways are quiet, it’s like a ghost town a stark contrast from before. Following Mama through the hallways and down the set of stairs Jim brought her up. They head into a room that has a table with some food set on it, nothing fancy just bread, butter and water. “Make yourself at home dear.” Mama tells Shay as she sits in a chair at the table herself.


Shay nodding, her eyes fixed on the bread. As she sits down all she can smell is the bread, her eyes filled with hunger. “Go on dear, eat up. Save room though for the main course.” Mama leaning back in her chair chuckling to Shay. Shay not hesitating rips a chunk of bread off the loaf as she shoves it into her mouth. The flavors while bland are way more than shes had in awhile, while chewing on the bread she starts to choke after putting to much in her mouth. Panicking she grabs the mug of water as she down its, the bread in her mouth absorbing it. Soft enough the bread easily is chewed and swallowed as Shay finishes it, letting out a satisfied sound. 


Shay rips off more bread but more carefully bites on it with more managable size as to not choke again. “So what’s this place?” Shay speaking as she chews the bread. Mama laughing as she gently cuts off a piece from the loaf, setting it on her plate she butters it up. “This is the Underbelly, we are right under Nasco.” Picking up the bread she takes a bite, “In fact we are almost right under the Castle where our high and mighty king lives.” the sarcasm in her voice is not subtle. “Long time ago I was once a solider of his highness’s army. I was the best, I was supposed to become the captain but he gave it to Telios. That bastard, I’m surprised he even knows what the pointy end of a sword is for.”


Mama pauses for a second to chew on another bite of the bread then washing it down with water. “Well, I got exiled so instead of doing what all the washouts do, i didnt drink myself to bottoms of bottles.” Shay’s mind wanders as Mama speaks, her talking about drinking reminds her of the story Dirge told her before he…changed. “….10 years ago I found this cavern underneath the city.” 


Before Shay can speak up a man enters the room holding two plates, setting one in front of both Mama and Shay she looks down at the plate, its got some vegetables and pork chops on it. A gravy that covers on top the pork with bits of pepper mixed into it. The smell is so inviting, grabbing her fork and knife cutting into the pork chop. Mama watches her with amusement as she begins to eat her food as well. Shay cuts a piece from the pork chop, dipping it in some gravy she raises the pork piece to her mouth as she clamps down on it.


The meat slides off the fork as she slide it past her lips, the piece of meat slowly melts in her mouth as she chews. Her eyes start to water as she swallows it, Mama watching her devour the meat as it slides down her throat. In contrast Mama cuts her food up taking her time, each piece cut into delicate little bite sized chunks. Mimicing Shay she brings a piece to her mouth and chews on it, a satisfied smile grows on her face. “Been awhile since I had fresh meat like this, had to pull some strings to get this for us.” Mama speaking to shay with a hint of deception in her voice.


“It tastes so good! My grandpa used to hunt, and we would eat fresh game he got that day.” her face turns sad as she plays with her food. “I bet you miss him.” Mama says trying to comfort Shay, her hand reaching across the table and caresses Shays arm. “Yea, he was amazing. He would tell these stories, he used to be a Solider too!” Shay says looking at Mama touching her arm, nervous about it she keeps her arm there. Mama pulls her hand away as she leans back in the chair, popping another piece of meat into her mouth, chews and swallows it. The meal turns quiet as they finish the meal. The silverware clinks on the plate as they finish eating, Mama claps her hands as the man walks in again. Taking the plates from them he bows and then leaves the room. 


“So, who are you really?” Mama questions Shay, her face serious. Her body relaxed but guarded. “I really don’t know myself. When my Grandpa died I couldn’t stay there anymore, alone.” Shay looks away at the wall her eyes tear up. “I feel so lost.” Shay looks back at Mama whos moved from her seat. Shay is confused when she feels a hand on her shoulder, Mama leans down and whispers in her ear, “Well, good thing for you I am in the mood for a lost sheep.” her fingers massage Shay’s shoulders. Shay’s body tenses up as she looks straight ahead, she doesn’t move a muscle. As Mama, grips her shoulders her body presses against the back of Shay’s head. Shay only reacts by staying perfectly still and squeezes her hands together, her eyes tightly shut as her mind tries to escape the reality. 


Her mind flashes images of her as a kid, running around in the woods. Her Grandpa chopping some firewood, the summer air warms her as the dress shes wearing gets caught on a branch, trying to free herself she rips it. Her face starts to well up as her eyes start to water, looking at the rip in her dress she runs to her Grandpa. “Whats the matter dear?” smiling as he sets his axe against the log. Kneeling down Shay runs into his arms crying, “My..my dress. I was playing and it ripped.” her face buried into his chest as he wraps his arms around her. “Now now it’s ok, lets go inside and get it fixed up good as new.” he pulls away from her, his big warm smile on his face. Shay jumps for joy as she nods, “Ok Grandpa!”


Shay snaps back to reality as Mama is now sitting in Shays lap. Mama’s chest pressing against Shay’s face, her hips grinding back and forth in Shay’s lap. She’s powerless, she tries to react but her body wont respond. Shay’s eyes tightly shut as Mama continues to use her for her own greed and pleasure. A single tear falls down Shay’s face as Mama grabs onto Shay’s shoulders and grinds with more force down in her lap. Her head tilted back as she arches her back, getting closer he looks down at Shay’s face, diving down to try and kiss Shay. Her eye’s open as Mama leans down, Shay’s mind starts to slip away escaping again. Mama’s lips lock onto hers, grinding into her lap as her lips press against Shay’s. 


“Enough.” A stern voice comes from Shay. Mama opening her eyes see’s Shay’s fire in her eyes as they glow a bright red. “I said enough!.” As an invisible force casuses Mama to fly off of Shay’s lap and agaisnt the wall, falling to the ground she lands hard on her ass. Shay stands up, her hair pulsing red as her flame red eyes stare directly at Mama. Her clothing ripples as it slowly morphs into her red leather vest and pants. An outline of a spear forms in her hand, fully forming Shay grips it and twirls it above her head. Pointing it towards Mama whos just now getting up. The wind increases as the room fills with random papers and loose items as they whirl around the room swirling around Shay. 


“Ah there she is.” Mama walks towards Shay, the spear tip pressing against the belly of Mama. “I had to make sure it was true.” Mama speaks looking down at the spear tip thats pressing against her belly. Shay’s voice booms as she speaks, “Friend or Foe.” her voice is different, stern and confident. Mama stepping back from the spear tip, “I should ask you the same, so who are you.”


Shay lowers her spear slight as the winds start to calm down some, “I am Aella. I am the protector of this mortal. She inherited me through her previous kin.” the wind calms down more as the objects slowly float to the ground the spear lowers more her eyes returning to normal. “What are your plans for this mortal.” Shay speaks firmly to Mama.


Mama slightly nervous but stepping back more, “My plans. Well, she is going to help me.” Mama’s voice more stern as she steps closer to Shay. “There was rumors of a girl with ruby red hair who had gifts. I had to see for myself. I got more than what I hoped for.” Mama snaps her fingers as several men rush into the room and surround Shay with their weapons drawn. The wind picks back up as Shay pulls the spear back observing the movements of the men as they circle around her. 


Mama smiles as she steps back allowing the men through, “No hard feelings but I require her. So, we can do this the easy way or..” she points to the men in the room. “The hard way.”


Shay grips her spear as the flame returns to her eyes opening her mouth to speak her voice is stern, “I do not recommend you attempt this, it will not end the way you think.” Shay raises her spear directly at Mama. The men getting nervous as the winds pick up more and more, almost sucking the air out of the room. Mama raises her hands and shrugs as she starts to head out of the room, standing in the doorway she looks away from them, “Hard it is.” She walks out of the doorway and dissapears into the hallway. Shay turns her focus to the half dozen men that are all pointing their swords at her with their shields rasied. 


“If you value your mortal life I suggest you do not attempt this.” Shay’s voice booms in the room her focus darts between each one sizing them up. One of them seems more scared then the others, as they move around the wind dies off as the room falls silent other than the shallow nervous breathing of the men. The man whos more scared bumps into the chair, Shay reacts instantly the spear impaling into the mans chest, lifting him into the air. He screams in pain as he grips the spear, blood pours from his wounds as he struggles to remove himself. 


The other 5 men use this distraction as they all charge at once, before they can strike they are blown away as Shay and the spear vanish. The mans body hits the ground clutching his chest trying to stop the bleeding. He reaches for help but it’s not given as his life slowly fades from his eyes. The other men stand up looking confused as Shay appears behind one grabbing his head and snaps his neck instantly killing him, his body drops to the floor with a hard thud. The 4 remaining men look at each other as they are scared, they muster up courage as they all strike again, Shay’s body moves with grace almost like water, dodging their attacks as she counters one by one. As the fight heats up Shay’s body loosens up, she feels the power returning to her. As Aella fades away Shay’s mind enters again, but shes just a passenger as she watches her body move and parry attacks with ease, the men struggling as she is only getting warmed up. 


With a final twirl in the air of her spear she impales it into two men at once, throwing their bodies towards the other two men who dodge, before they can react she leaps in the air at them. Her hand grips the face of one as she slams him into the ground caving in his face. Standing up blood drips from her hand, the spear pointed at the mans chest. Dropping his sword and shield he pees himself as the his crotch dampens. Falling to his knees he begs for his life, “Patheic” Shay says standing above him, her ruby red hair blowing in the wind. Her eyes pure fire as she holds the spear behind her. Walking past the man she steps on his hand crushing it, screaming in pain as he holds his hand she swings her spear around her body as it impales into the guys mouth. Pulling it up it slices his head into two as the body falls to the ground.


Looking at the open doorway she can spot several other men in armor holding their weapons forward, they are more armor then the other men. Focusing she grips her spear as she charges down the hallway, get body igniting in flames as she holds her spear foward. Leaping into the air she flyings foward into the group of men, her speed increases as she impales right through all the men. Landing on the other side their bodies cut in half as others are missing limbs. One still alive screams in pain as he sees his bottom half a few feet away from him. She leaves him be as she looks around for the exit. 


As she cuts through Mama’s men with ease, her body covered in their blood and guts. Finding the exit she bashes her way through the door, outside in the courtyard is very heavy armored men. Each one wearing full plate with two handed longswords in their hands. She counts a dozen men who are blocking her way out.


She stands at the top of the steps overlooking the men, as she steadies herself the spear gripped in her blood hands in front of her. Each stair she steps on the men step closer as they ready themselves. Reaching the bottem the dirt swirls around her feet, her eyes looking to each man. They all show no fear as they continue to step slowly towards her, their swords held ready to strike. Mama steps out behind her at the top of the steps in front of the door she just bashed her way through. “Still want to do this the hard way?” Her arms crossed in front of her, her sword sheathed at her hip.


Shay turns back to look at Mama, “You can still save the lives of your men, you do not have to do this.” 


Mama smirks as she steps down on the stair, slowly walking the sword swaying at her hip. “Unfortunally I require your gifts, you see when I heard about you I got excited. I could have my revenge, maybe I could take it from you. Let someone who’s not a scared little girl have it.” Stopping at the step before Shay she stands above her looking down. “If I have to take it by force then I will, what Mama wants, Mama gets.”


Shay goes to strike Mama with her spear but her reflexs are sharper then her men, shes on another level. Sparks fly as her sword blocks the spear, their strenght is even. Pushing away from Mama, Shay leaps back as the men close in on her. “My patience wears thin girl, I offer you one more time, give me your gifts or die with them.” Shay’s face shows some fear as she grips the spear and spins to face the men who are even closer to her. Sticking her spear out to keep distance the men are not fazed as they continue their march towards her. Looking back over her shoulder to Mama shes standing there hand at her hip, sword in the other hand. Then back at the men stepping towards her. Sighing Shay braces herself as she goes on the defensive. 


One of the men charge as he swings his sword over his head, putting up her spear to block it she uses her other hand to punch the guy in the chest, knocking him back some and leaving a huge dent in the armor, the man is not hurt. He goes to swing again as another man approaches from her right and then another to her left. Her face darts between the men as she blocks their attacks one by one, leaving no time to counter or go on the offensive shes left to be only defending herself from their attacks. 


The men barely overpower her enough to get of couple cuts in as blood slowly trickles down her arm and face. Panting heavily the men’s armor dented and damaged they continue to strike at her. All she can do is dodge out of the way as the strike missing her and hitting the ground each sword she dodges two more appear for her to move out of the way. Her spear striking their swords as she uses it to deflect their attacks and move around the field. 


 One of the men catches her off guard grabbing her arm, trying to break free her other arm is grabbed. Her strenght is weakened from the previous fights leading to here. As she tries to break free from them restraining her Mama walks in front of her. Her hand carresses Shay’s cheek her eyes filled with anger and rage. “Let go of me.” Shay struggling.


“I am afraid it’s to late for that dear, you rejected Mama’s offer.” Leaning in with her face towards Shay she presses her lips against hers as then pulls back. “One last kiss before you die.” Mama laughs as she unsheathes her sword, pressing the tip into her belly. Shay winces bracing herself, still struggling to break free from their grasp. Unable to do so she doesn’t give up as the sword from Mama slowly pushes in sliding easily into her leather vest as she feels the tip press into her skin. 


Shay’s head dips down for a moment as the voice from Aella comes from her mouth, “I told you, I will protect this mortal.” Her head tilts up, a fire burns in her eyes as they stare directly into Mama’s. “You will release me.” Shay’s voice booms as she turns her head slowly to each man. They grip tighter onto her arms, as Shay’s gaze turns back to Mama. “I warned you.” Shay’s body starts to heat up as it bursts into flames, the mens bodies ignite as they cook inside their metal armor falling to the ground screaming in pain. Mama tries to impale the sword into Shay’s belly but shes unable to, its like trying to pirece a rock. Shay yells as a gust of wind blows the other men back, Mama steadies and braces herself.


The heavy armor causes the other men to fall on their backs, as they slide across the ground into walls and random objects. Shay’s stance is that of power and control. The fire burns hotter as she steps towards Mama, the spear in her hands in front of her. Mama steps back from the heat as she feels it roast her face and body. Leaping back she sticks her sword out pointed at Shay, “This mortal will not bow to you.” She leaps forward her swing thrusting at Shay, without any effort she parries the attack with her spear and grabs Mama by the throat lifting her in the air. Shay’s body instense and firm, her grip on Mama’s throat tightens. Pulling her in close Shay’s voice echos in the caverns of the Underbelly. “You will leave this mortal alone for your own good.” 


Spitting in Shay’s face Mama puts her feet against Shay as she tries to break free of her grip. Struggling to breath she manages to get out, “Alfred.” Mama’s eyes turn to the side looking at the doorway, “Alfred, I need you.” her voice starting to waver. 


“Ignite!” as a voice from the doorway shouts, a fireball heads towards Shay. Releasing her grip on Mama’s throat she falls to the ground, grabbing her neck as she breathes in deeply getting air back in her lungs. “Kill…..her…..now….” she gasps inbetween each word. A man in a black robe steps down the stairs, “Ignite!” another fireball heads towards Shay. Dodging the first the second one hits her right in the chest, knocking her to the ground. Clutching her chest the pain grows, standing to her feet standing guard her spear pointed towards the robed man. “Alfred…” Mama says as she passes out. He kneels down and checks her pulse, he feels a steady but weak pulse. Turning his head towards Shay who is keeping guard up her spear pointed out. 


Standing up slowly he faces Shay, the dust blows in their faces. Blood and sweat all over Shay’s body and clothes, her breathing is heavy. Shes very fatigued, she doesn’t show it to the robed man trying to not show weakness. “You are to weak to fight and win against me, maybe if you were fresh I would be worried.” His words laced with evil, he laughs as he pulls out a wand from his robe pocket. It’s wooden wand thats covered in runes that are glowing. He raises it up as he flicks his wrist, sending a bolt of lighting towards Shay. Dodging out of the way, he strikes again, and again. Each time she barely dodges in time, her strenght is weakening. He strikes again but her footing slips as it grazes past her. Her whole body feels like it’s being electrocuted, as she falls to her knees smoke rises from her body burnt marks are scattered across her body and arms. 


Using the spear to help her stand up, he prepares to strike again. Flicking the wand in his hand he sends an even brighter and bigger lighting bolt towards her, she tries to raise her spear but her arms are struggling to lift it, before it hits she manages to raise it as it absorbs most of the strike, sending her flying back into the solid cavern rocky wall. The spear flies out of her hands and lands a few feet away as it rolls away slightly, her body shakes with pain as smoke pours from her body. The smell of burnt flesh fills the air around them, taking in a big sniff Alfred smiles with a wicked nature. “This is where your story ends.” Lifting his wand up Shay looks at him in the eyes her body not responding to her commands. The toll on her body is great, shes pushed past her limits. As she braces for her demise from the mans lighting strike. A sound is heard in the distance, a thundering sound approaching. Men screaming and shouting as they yell, “Stop that horse!”


Freyo comes in bashing through the front gate, Alfred stands there wand in hand. Shay on the ground her body severly burnt, turning his focus back to Shay, Alfred flicks the wand and sends a bolt of lighting at Shay. Freyo rushes foward taking the brunt of the damage, he neighs in pain but still stands. Alfred angers more as he prepares to send another strike towards Shay.

**Shadow**
Dr. Sarah Moon sat in a cold, dimly lit interrogation room, the logo of the SCP Foundation proudly displayed on her oversized lab coat. The air was dry and sanitized, a product of Site-58's robust ventilation system. The entire site was just as regulated, with thousands of internal systems operating around the clock to maintain nominal operating procedures around the site. Sitting with her legs crossed as she rested her hands on the table. Her stature was small, but her demeanor gave the impression of someone much more imposing and intimidating. In Dr. Moon's mind, she was already formulating a line of questioning for the incoming SCP. She was to interview and study a newly contained SCP, a human with anomalous properties that were sparsely understood by the Foundation. Just down the hall, a group of Mobile Task Force agents escorted the SCP to the interrogation room.



As the hydraulics of the door to the room opened with a hiss, the SCP was in an orange prisoner's jumpsuit, restrained by three men, and was more or less dragged into the room. Dr. Moon simply observed the subject's behavior, looking for anything in their behavior that could be used as a baseline during the interview. The Mobile Task Force agents stood in the room, keeping a close eye on the SCP. As the SCP was shoved into the chair, Dr. Moon focused on her goal here today. She leaned into the microphone, never taking her purple eyes off the person behind the glass.



"SCP-8642, I am here today to conduct a preliminary interview with you. You will tell me everything about yourself, and you will answer all my questions. I will review your mental state and whatever harm you may pose to us and the world as a whole."



Dr. Moon's high-pitched voice was cold and clinical as she spoke. Her voice was unnerving in the face of what was before her as if the anomalous and the dangers posed by it were nothing more than another data point to consider. She reached down to a small device sitting on top of the table, flicking the red button on the recording device and returned her emotionless gaze to the SCP. As the recording device whirred to life, the dull thrum of Reality Drive Anchors drummed in the background. If the SCP attempted to use their abilities unprompted, the reality anchors would simply negate the effects. Dr. Moon had always appreciated these devices, they always made her job easier, it made the anomalies more compliant.



"Beginning Interview Log A-1 with SCP-8642. Please state your name and how you're feeling."



The entity sat in the chair across from Dr. Moon. His appearance is that of a normal human, but his eyes are more cat-like. In the darkness, his eyes light up in a dim yellow. The entity tilts its head from side to side, studying the doctor's actions. The entity opens its mouth as words slowly form in a very neutral tone.



"S..c..p..8..6..4..2"



The entity then looks at the Dr. Moon as it talks to the guards in the room. Shifting its gaze from one guard to the other one as they guard the exit from this room.



"S..c..p..8..6..4..2"



The entity shifts slightly as it’s body in the chair, images formed with the movements the entity makes, almost like he left behind a ghost as he shifted in the seat.



"S..c..p..8..6..4..2"



Dr. Moon's eyes narrowed slightly at the entity's repetitive response. She leaned forward, her elbows resting on the table as she studied the SCP's unusual eye color and the strange, shadowy afterimage it left behind upon moving. Her mind raced with hypotheses about the nature of this anomaly.



"SCP-8642, I am aware of your designation. However, I require more information. Please state your before to containment and describe your anomalous properties in detail."



She paused, her gaze flickering to the guards briefly before returning to the entity. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the containment measures in place. Dr. Moon's voice remained calm and clinical, despite the growing curiosity and excitement she felt at the prospect of unraveling the mysteries of this new SCP.



"Your cooperation will greatly assist in the development of appropriate containment procedures. Failure to comply may result in more... invasive methods of information extraction."



Her threat was delivered without emotion, a simple statement of fact. Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of impatience. She was eager to delve deeper into the entity's psyche and determine the extent of its anomalous capabilities.



"Now, please, begin your explanation. Start with your name and proceed chronologically."



"S...c...p...8...6....4...2"



The entity tilts its head again as it says it to Dr. Moon. His tone still neutral showing no signs of emotion on his face or his words.



"S...c...p.....M..o..o...n..."



The entity turns its head slowly as it’s eyes lock onto to one of the guards in the room.



"S...c...p....G...a...r...y..."



Turning it’s head to look at the camera in the corner of the room the entity slowly stands up as it walks very slowly and with grace. Every step is planned and thought out. Yet his movements are deliberate as they are efficient. Standing below the camera in the corner of the wall the entity stares into it his emotionless expression gazes into the lens of the camera as a red light slowly blinks on top of it.



"S ...c...p.....A...n....n...e..."



Tilting its head, its eyes dim slightly as it’s reflection is shown in the lens of the camera.



"S..c...p.......B...i...l...l....y...."



Dr. Moon watched intently as the entity, SCP-8642, rose from its seat with a fluid, almost predatory grace. Its movements were calculated and efficient, each step deliberate and purposeful. As it approached the camera in the corner, Dr. Moon couldn't help but feel a sense of unease wash over her. Something was unsettling about the way it tilted its head, its cat-like eyes glowing in the dim light.

She leaned back in her chair, her fingers steeped beneath her chin as she studied the entity's behavior. Its repetitive speech patterns and lack of emotional response were curious, to say the least. Dr. Moon's mind raced with possibilities, trying to piece together the puzzle that was SCP-8642.



"SCP-8642," she began, her voice steady and calm, "the repeated utterance of your designation suggests a level of fixation or obsession. Is this a coping mechanism? A form of self-identification? Please, elaborate on your thought process."



As she spoke, Dr. Moon's gaze flickered to the guards, ensuring they remained vigilant. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the containment measures in place. She knew that the entity's anomalous properties posed a potential threat, but she was determined to understand them fully.



"Your movements and the shadowy afterimage you leave behind are also of great interest. Are these properties inherent to your being, or are they a result of some external influence? Please, provide any information you can about your origins and the extent of your abilities."



Dr. Moon's eyes narrowed slightly, her focus unwavering. She was determined to unravel the mysteries of SCP-8642, no matter the cost. Her dedication to the Foundation's mission drove her forward, pushing her to delve deeper into the entity's psyche and determine the best course of action for its containment.

The entity stops mid-sentence as Dr. Moon speaks to it. The entity seems to ignore her. She gets more annoyed at it. Before she can speak the entity vanishes into a puff of black mist as it reappears behind Dr. Moon. Leaning down the scp sniffs the Dr. As it vanishes again and appears in the chair it originally got up from.



"Scp"



The entity's words are more formed but still have a very neutral tone.



"What....is.....scp...."



The entity's eyes glow brighter yellow.



"What....is... scp...."



The entity keeps repeating it over and over again, its tone shifting from a neutral one to a more annoyed one.



"What....is....scp....."



Dr. Moon's eyes widened slightly as SCP-8642 vanished into a puff of black mist, reappearing behind her in an instant. She could feel its breath on the back of her neck as it leaned in close, sniffing her. A shiver ran down her spine, but she maintained her composure, refusing to let the entity's unsettling behavior fluster her.

As quickly as it had appeared, SCP-8642 vanished again, rematerializing in the chair it had originally occupied. Dr. Moon watched as its eyes began to glow a brighter yellow, its tone shifting from neutral to annoyed as it repeated the same question over and over again.



"What... is... SCP..."



Dr. Moon leaned forward, her elbows resting on the table as she studied the entity's behavior. Its fixation on the term "SCP" was curious, and she couldn't help but wonder if it held some significance beyond its designation as a Special Containment Procedure.



"SCP-8642," she began, her voice calm and even, "the term 'SCP' refers to the Special Containment Procedures put in place by the Foundation to ensure the safety of both our personnel and the general public. It is a designation given to anomalous objects, entities, or phenomena that require containment."



She paused, her gaze flickering to the guards briefly before returning to the entity. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the containment measures in place.

"Your repeated questioning suggests a level of confusion or uncertainty. Is there something specific you wish to know about your designation or the procedures put in place for your containment?"



Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of impatience. She was eager to delve deeper into the entity's psyche and determine the extent of its anomalous capabilities, but she knew that patience was key in these situations. She would need to approach this methodically, piece by piece until she had a clear understanding of the puzzle that was SCP-8642.

The entity listens closely to the doctor as its response is neutral again. She seemed to be pleased.



"Prisoner."



Then the entity starts speaking in a language that has never been heard by humans. Its words are so quick and it all sounds distorted.

Pausing he asks the Dr.



"I'm in prison. Let go. Unlock. Demand."



The words are very neutral in tone. The entity from the doctor's knowledge so far seems to indicate that it's not a threat....yet.

Dr. Moon listened intently as SCP-8642 spoke in an unknown language, its words rapid and distorted. She couldn't understand a single syllable, but the entity's tone and body language suggested a sense of urgency, perhaps even desperation.

When it switched back to English, its demand to be released was clear and concise. Dr. Moon's eyes narrowed slightly, her mind racing with possibilities. Was this a test of some kind? A ploy to gauge her reaction? Or was it a genuine plea for freedom?



"SCP-8642," she began, her voice calm and measured, "your request for release is noted. However, it is not within my authority to grant such a request. Your containment is a necessary precaution, given the nature of your anomalous properties."



She leaned forward, her elbows resting on the table as she studied the entity's face. Its cat-like eyes seemed to glow brighter in the dim light, and Dr. Moon couldn't help but feel a sense of unease wash over her. There was something about this entity that was different from the others she had encountered.



"I must insist that you remain calm and cooperative. Your behavior thus far has been... unpredictable, to say the least. Any further attempts at escape or resistance will be met with appropriate force."



Dr. Moon's gaze flickered to the guards, a silent reminder of the reality anchors and other containment measures in place. She knew that the entity posed a potential threat, but she was determined to understand it fully.



"Now, I have a few more questions. Your earlier speech in an unknown language suggests a connection to a culture or society outside of our own. Can you provide any information about your origins or the nature of your people?"



She paused, her fingers steeped beneath her chin as she waited for the entity's response. Dr. Moon knew that the key to containing SCP-8642 lay in understanding its motivations and the extent of its powers. And she was determined to uncover every last detail, no matter how long it took.

the entity tilts its head as it holds up its arms with his wrists cuffed together.



"Unlock. No run. Will talk. Unlock. Demand. Now."



The entity starts repeating that sentence over and over again. As it does the lights in the room dim as its eyes brighten again.

His tone is still neutral.

Dr. Moon's eyes widened slightly as the lights in the room began to dim, casting an eerie glow on SCP-8642's face. Its eyes seemed to brighten in the darkness, its cat-like pupils dilating as it repeated its demand for release over and over again.



"Unlock. No run. Will talk. Unlock. Demand. Now."



Dr. Moon's mind raced with possibilities, trying to determine the best course of action. On one hand, the entity's insistence on cooperation suggested a willingness to communicate and share information. But on the other hand, its anomalous properties and the potential threat it posed couldn't be ignored.

She leaned forward, her elbows resting on the table as she studied the entity's face. Its neutral tone and emotionless expression made it difficult to gauge its true intentions, but Dr. Moon knew she had to make a decision.



"SCP-8642," she began, her voice calm and measured, "I appreciate your willingness to cooperate. However, I cannot grant your request for release at this time. Your containment is a necessary precaution, given the nature of your anomalous properties."



She paused, her gaze flickering to the guards briefly before returning to the entity. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the containment measures in place.



"I am willing to listen to what you have to say, but it must be done within the confines of your containment cell. If you agree to this, I will personally ensure that your message is heard by the appropriate personnel."



Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of impatience. She knew that the entity posed a potential threat, but she was determined to understand it fully. And if that meant negotiating with it, then so be it.



"Do we have an agreement, SCP-8642? Will you cooperate and share your knowledge, in exchange for a fair hearing of your message?"

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take the risk if it meant uncovering the truth behind SCP-8642's origins and abilities.

the entity grows restless.



"Unlock.. demand...will...talk..."



The entity grows impatient.



"Name. Not. 8...6...4...2"



The entity tilts its head as it leans in closer.



"Name."



Speaks in a language from before. Seeing as they can't understand the entities language it leans back and says



"Shadow."



The entity goes back to repeating the message from before.



"Unlock. Demand. Will talk. Demand. Unlock. Will talk."



Dr. Moon's eyes narrowed as SCP-8642 grew increasingly restless, its demand for release becoming more insistent with each passing moment. She couldn't help but feel a sense of unease wash over her as the entity leaned in closer, its cat-like eyes seeming to bore into her very soul.



"Name. Not. 8...6...4...2"



The entity's words were clear and concise, leaving no room for misunderstanding. Dr. Moon's mind raced with possibilities, trying to determine the significance of this revelation. If the entity's true name was not the designation given to it by the Foundation, then what did it mean? And why was it so important to the entity that it be acknowledged by its true name?

As the entity spoke in its unknown language once more, Dr. Moon felt a chill run down her spine. She couldn't understand a single word, but the tone and cadence of its speech suggested a deep-seated emotion, perhaps even a sense of urgency or desperation.

When it leaned back and spoke the single word "Shadow," Dr. Moon's eyebrows raised slightly. Was this a clue to the entity's nature or abilities? Or was it simply a name, a label that the entity had chosen for itself?



"SCP-8642," she began, her voice calm and measured despite the growing tension in the room, "I understand your desire to be known by your true name. However, until we have a better understanding of your origins and the extent of your anomalous properties, we must continue to refer to you by your designated SCP number."

She paused, her gaze flickering to the guards briefly before returning to the entity. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the containment measures in place.



"I am willing to listen to what you have to say, but it must be done within the confines of your containment cell. If you agree to this, I will personally ensure that your message is heard by the appropriate personnel."

Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of impatience. She knew that the entity posed a potential threat, but she was determined to understand it fully. And if that meant negotiating with it, then so be it.



"Do we have an agreement, SCP-8642? Will you cooperate and share your knowledge, in exchange for a fair hearing of your message?"



She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take the risk if it meant uncovering the truth behind SCP-8642's origins and abilities.

The entity grows very angry now, its eyes shifting from yellow to more red.



"Unlock now. Patience is thin. Cooperation if unlocked. No run. Promise."



The entity slowly slides its arms that are cuffed together across the table. Its body is covered in a layer of fur. Behind the entity you can see a tail that matches the rest of the body and starts to sway. It's clear it's partially enough like cats on earth.



"Nomad. Unlock. Nomad. Talk. No leave. Now here. Unlock."



Dr. Moon's eyes widened as SCP-8642's demeanor shifted, its eyes changing from a bright yellow to a menacing red. The entity's growing anger was palpable, and she couldn't help but feel a sense of unease wash over her. This was a side of the entity she hadn't seen before, and it was clear that its patience was wearing thin.



"Unlock now. Patience is thin. Cooperation if unlocked. No run. Promise."



As the entity slid its cuffed arms across the table, Dr. Moon's gaze was drawn to the layer of fur that now covered its body. She had never seen anything like it before, and the sight of the feline-like tail swaying behind it only added to the surreal nature of the situation.

She leaned forward, her elbows resting on the table as she studied the entity's face. Its neutral tone had given way to a more aggressive, almost threatening demeanor. But despite the growing tension in the room, Dr. Moon remained calm and composed.



"SCP-8642," she began, her voice steady and measured, "I understand your frustration, but I cannot grant your request for release at this time. Your containment is a necessary precaution, given the nature of your anomalous properties and the potential threat you pose."

She paused, her gaze flickering to the guards briefly before returning to the entity. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the containment measures in place.

"However, I am willing to consider a compromise. If you agree to provide us with more information about your origins and abilities, I will personally ensure that your message is heard by the appropriate personnel. We can conduct this interview in a more comfortable setting, with your restraints removed, provided that you remain calm and cooperative throughout the process."

Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of impatience. She knew that the entity posed a potential threat, but she was determined to understand it fully. And if that meant making concessions, then so be it.



"Do we have an agreement, SCP-8642? Will you cooperate and share your knowledge, in exchange for a more comfortable interview setting and the opportunity to have your message heard?"

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a risk, but she was willing to take it if it meant uncovering the truth behind SCP-8642's origins and abilities.

the entity's eyes turn from a red shade to the original yellow to a more greenish yellow color. His eyes seem to indicate his mood.



"Unlock me now. I don't run. Will give an answer. Can teleport. See night and dark. See auras. See the heat. Natural hunter. Not aggressive. No hurt humans. No reason. Unlock now..no harm. No mad. Unlock now."



The entity taps the table with his arms the metal of the cuffs clinking on the table. Its fur is a very matte black with no shine. In the darkness you can not make out the outline of it, only the eyes and the arms exposed to the light.

Dr. Moon's eyes narrowed as SCP-8642's eyes shifted from red to a more greenish yellow hue. The entity's mood seemed to be reflected in the color of its eyes, and she couldn't help but feel a sense of unease wash over her as it tapped its cuffed arms against the table, the metal clanking loudly in the otherwise quiet room.



"Unlock me now. I don't run. Will give an answer. Can teleport. See night and dark. See auras. See the heat. Natural hunter. Not aggressive. No hurt humans. No reason. Unlock now..no harm. No mad. Unlock now."



As the entity spoke, Dr. Moon's mind raced with possibilities. Its claims of being able to teleport, see auras and heat, and its identification as a natural hunter were all highly concerning. But its insistence that it had no aggressive intentions and no reason to harm humans was intriguing.

She leaned forward, her elbows resting on the table as she studied the entity's face. Its fur was matte black, blending seamlessly into the darkness of the room. Only its eyes and the exposed parts of its arms were visible in the dim light, giving it an almost spectral appearance.



"SCP-8642," she began, her voice calm and measured, "your abilities are indeed concerning, but I must emphasize the importance of your containment. Your anomalous properties pose a significant risk, and we cannot simply release you without proper protocols in place."



She paused, her gaze flickering to the guards briefly before returning to the entity. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the containment measures in place.



"However, I am willing to consider a compromise. If you agree to provide us with more detailed information about your abilities and your origins, I will personally ensure that your message is heard by the appropriate personnel. We can conduct this interview in a more comfortable setting, with your restraints removed, provided that you remain calm and cooperative throughout the process."



Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of impatience. She knew that the entity posed a potential threat, but she was determined to understand it fully. And if that meant making concessions, then so be it.



"Do we have an agreement, SCP-8642? Will you cooperate and share your knowledge, in exchange for a more comfortable interview setting and the opportunity to have your message heard?"



She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a risk, but she was willing to take it if it meant uncovering the truth behind SCP-8642's origins and abilities.

The entity tilts its head at Dr. Moon as its eyes turn back to yellow again. It slides its arms back as it slowly shifts into a more earth-like cat. Sitting on the table is an earth cat version of the entity. As it sits on the table it then shifts back to its original form. Sitting in the center of the table. It's cuffs laying on the chair. It sits cross legged in front of the doctor.



"No. Harm. Unlock. Self. No. Harm. No threat."



Dr. Moon's eyes widened as SCP-8642 suddenly shifted into a more earth-like cat form, sitting on the table. She watched in amazement as it then shifted back to its original form, the cuffs lying discarded on the chair. The entity now sat cross-legged in the center of the table, its eyes fixed on her with an intensity that was both unnerving and captivating.



"No. Harm. Unlock. Self. No. Harm. No threat."



Dr. Moon's mind raced with possibilities. The entity's ability to remove its own restraints and shift forms was a clear demonstration of its anomalous properties. But its continued insistence on its lack of aggression and threat was intriguing.

She leaned forward, her elbows resting on the table as she studied the entity's face. Its yellow eyes seemed to glow in the dim light, and she couldn't help but feel a sense of unease wash over her.



"SCP-8642," she began, her voice calm and measured, "your ability to remove your own restraints and shift forms is highly concerning. However, I must commend your restraint in not using these abilities to cause harm or escape."



She paused, her gaze flickering to the guards briefly before returning to the entity. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the containment measures in place.



"I am willing to consider a more lenient approach to your containment, provided that you continue to demonstrate a willingness to cooperate and share information about your abilities and origins. We can conduct this interview in a more comfortable setting, with the understanding that any attempt to deceive or manipulate us will result in a return to stricter containment measures."



Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of impatience. She knew that the entity posed a potential threat, but she was determined to understand it fully. And if that meant taking a calculated risk, then so be it.



"Do we have an agreement, SCP-8642? Will you cooperate and share your knowledge, in exchange for a more lenient approach to your containment and the opportunity to have your message heard?"



She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant uncovering the truth behind SCP-8642's origins and abilities.

The entity crawls forward on its hands and knees and its face is inches away from Dr. Moon's. It looks deeply into her eyes. As it speaks slowly.



"I follow. No lock. No cuff. No run. No fight. Will talk. Remove restrictions. Will talk."



The entity shifts into a cat as it crawls onto Dr. Moon's shoulder. It sits perfectly balanced on her shoulders. And yet it feels weightless.

Dr. Moon's heart raced as SCP-8642 crawled forward on its hands and knees, its face mere inches from hers. She could feel its hot breath on her skin, and the intensity of its gaze sent a shiver down her spine. When it spoke, its voice was slow and deliberate, almost hypnotic.



"I follow. No lock. No cuff. No run. No fight. Will talk. Remove restrictions. Will talk."



As the entity shifted into a cat and crawled onto her shoulder, Dr. Moon couldn't help but gasp. The sensation of its weight on her shoulder was strange - it felt both substantial and weightless at the same time. She could feel the warmth of its fur through her lab coat, and the soft vibration of its purring seemed to resonate through her entire body.

Despite the surreal nature of the situation, Dr. Moon remained calm and composed. She knew that this was a critical moment in her interaction with SCP-8642, and she needed to handle it with care.



"SCP-8642," she began, her voice steady despite the pounding of her heart, "I appreciate your willingness to cooperate and remove your own restraints. However, I must insist on certain conditions for this arrangement to continue."

She paused, her gaze fixed on the entity perched on her shoulder. The guards continued to stand at attention, their hands hovering near their weapons, but Dr. Moon waved them off with a subtle gesture.



"First, you must agree to be monitored at all times during our interviews. This is for your safety as well as ours. Second, you must provide us with detailed information about your abilities, origins, and any other relevant details that may help us understand and contain you more effectively."



Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of nervous energy. She knew that this was a calculated risk, but she was determined to see it through.



"In exchange, we will provide you with a more comfortable living space and access to certain amenities. We will also ensure that your message is heard by the appropriate personnel. Do we have an agreement, SCP-8642?"



She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant uncovering the truth behind SCP-8642's origins and abilities.

The cat rubs against Dr Moon's face as it crawls off back to the table as it shifts back into its more human form.

Sitting back in the chair it looks across the table at Dr moon.



"Agree if there is no lock. No cage. I Need freedom. Won't fight. Won't harm humans. Can work with humans. Help humans. But must comply with demand. Will agree. No lock."



Dr. Moon's eyes widened as the cat rubbed against her face, its soft fur tickling her skin. She watched in amazement as it crawled off her shoulder and back onto the table, shifting seamlessly back into its more human form. The entity now sat across from her, its yellow eyes fixed on her with an intensity that was both unnerving and captivating.



"Agree if there is no lock. No cage. I Need freedom. Won't fight. Won't harm humans. Can work with humans. Help humans. But must comply with demand. Will agree. No lock."



Dr. Moon's mind raced with possibilities. The entity's insistence on freedom and its willingness to cooperate were intriguing, but she knew that she had to proceed with caution. Its anomalous abilities and potential threat couldn't be ignored, no matter how compelling its offer of assistance might be. She leaned forward, her elbows resting on the table as she studied the entity's face. Its expression was calm and serious, and she couldn't help but feel a sense of unease wash over her.



"SCP-8642," she began, her voice steady and measured, "your offer of cooperation and assistance is appreciated. However, I must emphasize the importance of your containment. Your anomalous properties pose a significant risk, and we cannot simply release you without proper protocols in place."



She paused, her gaze flickering to the guards briefly before returning to the entity. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the containment measures in place.



"I am willing to consider a more lenient approach to your containment, provided that you continue to demonstrate a willingness to cooperate and share information about your abilities and origins. We can provide you with a more comfortable living space and access to certain amenities, but you must agree to be monitored at all times and comply with our demands."

Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of nervous energy. She knew that this was a calculated risk, but she was determined to see it through.



"Do we have an agreement, SCP-8642? Will you cooperate and share your knowledge, in exchange for a more lenient approach to your containment and the opportunity to assist us?"

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant uncovering the truth behind SCP-8642's origins and abilities.

the entity's eyes turn red again.



"I tried to reason. I offer you options. I had no intention of hurting. I will not be caged. I will comply but you must not cage me. I'm just free."



The entity stands up as he leans his hands on the table and towards Dr moon



"You machines can not stop my powers. I am not of this realm. If I wanted you dead you would be so. If I must prove my point I will do so. I do not wish to harm humans. I will if needed to."



The entity slowly walks around the table, its steps whisper quiet, it almost seems to float as it walks. As he walks around he vanishes and reappears in the room at random spots. Each time he collects random objects like pens, paper, staplers, keyboards from inside the building. Each time it appears in the table. As time passes the pile grows and grows as it's overflowing with random mundane objects. At the end the gun from the guard vanishes as it appears at the top of the pile.



"As I said Dr. Moon. You can not stop me. I am willing to be nice. You must comply. Do you wish to test me? Do I need to prove my point more."



The entity sits on top of the pile of random objects on the table as he looks down at Dr moon.



"I come from a place where time and space do not matter. I can bend the very air around you humans to my will. I see everything at once. Every future. Every timeline. I know your actions before you even think of them. Now will you comply."



Dr. Moon's eyes widened as SCP-8642's eyes turned red once more, its demeanor shifting from calm to intense in an instant. She could feel the power emanating from the entity, and the threat in its words sent a chill down her spine.



"I tried to reason. I offer you options. I had no intention of hurting. I will not be caged. I will comply but you must not cage me. I'm just free."



As the entity stood and leaned towards her, Dr. Moon couldn't help but feel a sense of unease wash over her. Its words were a clear warning, and she knew that she had to tread carefully.



"You machines can not stop my powers. I am not of this realm. If I wanted you dead you would be so. If I must prove my point I will do so. I do not wish to harm humans. I will if needed to."



Dr. Moon watched in amazement as the entity began to move around the table, vanishing and reappearing at random spots in the room. With each appearance, it collected random objects from within the building, adding to the growing pile on the table. The sight of the overflowing heap of mundane items was both impressive and unsettling. When the guard's gun vanished and appeared at the top of the pile, Dr. Moon's heart raced. She knew that she was in the presence of something truly extraordinary, and the realization was both thrilling and terrifying.



"As I said Dr. Moon. You can not stop me. I am willing to be nice. You must comply. Do you wish to test me? Do I need to prove my point more."



As the entity sat atop the pile of objects, its gaze fixed on her with an intensity that was almost overwhelming, Dr. Moon took a deep breath. She knew that she had to make a decision, and fast.

"SCP-8642," she began, her voice steady despite the fear coursing through her veins, "I understand your desire for freedom, and I appreciate your willingness to cooperate. However, I must insist on certain conditions for your release."



She paused, her gaze flickering to the guards briefly before returning to the entity. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the containment measures in place.

"We will provide you with a more comfortable living space and access to certain amenities, but you must agree to be monitored at all times and comply with our demands. You will not be caged, but you will be watched. Do we have an agreement?"



Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of nervous energy. She knew that this was a calculated risk, but she was determined to see it through.

"Will you comply, SCP-8642? Will you agree to our terms, in exchange for a more lenient approach to your containment and the opportunity to assist us?"

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant uncovering the truth behind SCP-8642's origins and abilities.

the entity crawls down the pile of objects towards the moon. Its movement is graceful as each movement does not disturb the objects nor does it make a sound as he does so. He crawls over Dr moon as he stands behind her.



"I will comply. Only because I choose so."

He leans in and whispers

"I wonder what would happen if I shut off those Reality Drives you humans use."

He chuckles with a sinister intention.



"But, we will wait on that."

Dr. Moon's heart raced as she felt the entity's presence behind her, its breath hot against her ear as it whispered it's sinister intentions. The idea of the reality drives being shut off sent a chill down her spine, and she couldn't help but feel a sense of unease wash over her.



"I will comply. Only because I choose so."

As the entity spoke, its voice was low and menacing, a stark contrast to its earlier tone of cooperation. Dr. Moon knew that she had to tread carefully, lest she provoke its wrath.



"I wonder what would happen if I shut off those Reality Drives you humans use."



The entity's chuckle was unsettling, and Dr. Moon could feel the hairs on the back of her neck stand on end. She knew that the reality drives were a crucial part of the Foundation's containment efforts, and the thought of them being disabled was almost too much to bear.



"But, we will wait on that."



As the entity pulled away, Dr. Moon let out a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding. She turned in her chair to face it, her eyes wide with a mixture of fear and determination.

"SCP-8642," she began, her voice steady despite the pounding of her heart, "I appreciate your willingness to comply, but I must remind you of the importance of our agreement. You will not interfere with the reality drives or any other containment measures we have in place."



She paused, her gaze flickering to the guards briefly before returning to the entity. The reality anchors continued their steady hum, a constant reminder of the power they held over the anomalous.

"We will provide you with the living space and amenities we discussed, but you must agree to be monitored at all times and comply with our demands. Do we have an understanding?"



Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of nervous energy. She knew that this was a delicate balance, but she was determined to see it through.



"Will you agree to our terms, SCP-8642? Will you comply with our demands, in exchange for a more lenient approach to your containment and the opportunity to assist us?"

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant uncovering the truth behind SCP-8642's origins and abilities.

The entity puts its hand on Dr. Moon's shoulder as they both vanish and enter the room that is monitoring the room they were just in. Billy and Anne look in shock as they see me standing behind Dr. Moon.



"No monitor. No readings."



Anne speaks up 

"The entity is right ma'am. We can not read any signs from the entity. It's like it's not even here."

The entity walks to the computer panel as it starts pressing buttons on it. It quickly learns the human way of using its machines. As it hacks into the computer system it starts to flicker. The lights in the room flicker. Alarms start ringing.



"Reality Drive Offline."



As the alert sounds. Over and over on repeat over the speakers. You hear other entities start to escape as the foundation is under attack from the others that are kept here....thousands just been set loose. From the harmless to the most deadly of all.



"I warned you. Do not test me. I can fix this. You must comply with my demands."



Dr. Moon's eyes widened in shock as she found herself standing in the monitoring room, the entity's hand still on her shoulder. The sudden change in location was disorienting, and she struggled to regain her composure.

"No monitor. No readings."



As Anne confirmed the entity's words, Dr. Moon's heart sank. The realization that they couldn't track or contain SCP-8642 was a devastating blow, and she knew that the consequences would be severe.

She watched in horror as the entity hacked into the computer system, the lights flickering and alarms blaring. The repeated alert of "Reality Drive Offline" sent a chill down her spine, and she could only imagine the chaos that was unfolding throughout the facility.



"I warned you. Do not test me. I can fix this. You must comply with my demands."

Dr. Moon's mind raced as she struggled to process the apocalyptic scene unfolding before her. An uncontainable wave of anomalous entities had been released, ranging from benign to lethal, and the Foundation was now facing its most dire challenge yet. The fate of humanity hung in the balance, and Dr. Moon knew that every second counted.

With a steely resolve, she turned to face the entity responsible for this catastrophe. Her eyes burned with a mixture of fear and determination as she spoke, her voice cutting through the chaos surrounding them.


"SCP-8642," she declared, her tone unwavering despite the gravity of the situation. "I acknowledge your requests and am willing to comply, but we must prioritize containing these entities and regaining control of the facility together."


Her gaze locked onto the entity's ominous visage, her heart thudding in her chest as she walked a tightrope between diplomacy and survival. "Will you aid us in this task? Will you use your powers to help contain these entities and restore the reality drives? In exchange, we can grant you some level of freedom and autonomy."


Dr. Moon's fingers tapped anxiously on the table, a subtle display of her racing thoughts and nerves. She knew that this was a risky proposition, but it was necessary to save humanity.


The entity leaned in closer, their words sending a chill down her spine. "I will fix this issue, but I require something from you in return. Do you comply?"


Before Dr. Moon could answer, the door burst open with a deafening crash. A ghastly apparition emerged, clad in tattered pirate garb with a sword impaled through the head of another foundation employee. Its deranged laughter pierced through the room as it charged towards them.


In a flash of movement, the entity sprung into action and dispatched the pirate with a single strike. The severed head rolled to a stop at Dr. Moon's feet, a gruesome reminder of the brutal reality they were facing.


"Do you comply?" The entity repeated, their voice laced with anticipation. Dr. Moon knew that her decision would have far-reaching consequences, but she also knew it was necessary for the survival of humanity. Taking a deep breath, she replied, "I comply."


The entity's words were a stark reminder of the gravity of the situation. Dr. Moon knew she had little choice but to agree if it meant saving countless innocent lives. She steeled herself for the decision she was about to make.


"I comply, SCP-8642," she said firmly, her voice betraying only a hint of fear. "I will grant you the freedom and autonomy you desire within reasonable limits. In exchange, I ask that you use your abilities to contain these entities and restore order to the facility."


Dr. Moon's fingers drummed anxiously on the table as she waited for the entity's response. She knew this was a risky gamble, but one that had to be taken in order to prevent humanity from slipping into oblivion.


"Will you help us, SCP-8642? Will you use your powers to aid us in containing these entities and restoring the reality drives?"


She leaned back in her chair, never breaking eye contact with the entity. Dr. Moon knew this was a delicate balance, but she was determined to see it through no matter what.

The weight of the world rested on Dr. Moon's shoulders as she confronted SCP-8642. She prayed that it would keep its word, knowing that the fate of humanity depended on its actions.

But as the screams of dying employees echoed through the halls, Dr. Moon couldn't help but question her decision to trust this anomalous entity. The sight of it standing guard at the door, eliminating any threat with ruthless efficiency, filled her with both terror and awe.

Its eyes shifted to an intense flame red, bathing the room in a sinister glow as it commanded her to "watch cameras." As she watched in horror, the entity teleported around the facility, containing escaped anomalies with terrifying speed and precision. The once orderly building now filled with black smoke, suffocating and blinding all those inside.

Yet amidst the chaos, the cells on the monitor began to turn from red to green, a sign that the entity was keeping its promise and restoring order. But as it reappeared in front of Dr. Moon, its body covered in blood from fallen employees, she couldn't ignore the gravity of their situation.

"I complied. I require yours," it demanded, staring at her with fiery eyes.

Dr. Moon's heart raced as she made a difficult decision. "Leave Anne and Billy," she ordered, her voice shaking but firm.

As they exited the room, Dr. Moon braced herself for what was to come. The entity's face held a deadly seriousness as it spoke again.

"Now comply," it said, its words dripping with urgency.

With a deep breath, Dr. Moon nodded, steeling herself for what she must do next.

"I comply, SCP-8642," she said, her voice unwavering despite the fear coursing through her veins. "What is your demand?"

The room fell silent as they waited for the entity's response. Dr. Moon's fingers trembled against the table, a silent reminder of the weight of their situation. The fate of humanity rested in her hands, and she was determined to do whatever it took to protect them from this powerful, unpredictable being.

"Tell me what you need, and I will do my best to provide it. The Foundation's resources are at your disposal, within reasonable limits."

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant saving humanity from the brink of destruction.

his eyes shift from the firey red to the more calm yellow again as he walks towards Dr moon. The blood on his body seems to be absorbing into his body. After a few steps he's back to being pristine clean again.

"Dr. Moon. I will answer questions. Do you need more proof? I am not to be contained. We are alone. Cut off from the reality you live in..beyond these walls lies the emptiness of my reality."

As he speaks the walls of the room fade away revealing the darkness. The darkness looks like the smoke that forms when he teleports. He walks to the edge putting his hand where the wall was. A barrier of light illuminates around his hand.

"As long as you do not leave this room you will leave. This is my realm. Time and space do not exist here."

As he waves his hand, monsters that you have never seen before float around in the darkness. Giant creatures the size of buildings float past. Making noises that you can't comprehend.

"So Dr. Moon. What questions do you have? I will answer them."

Dr. Moon's eyes widened as the entity's eyes shifted back to a calming yellow, the fiery red fading away as quickly as it had appeared. She watched in amazement as the blood on its body seemed to absorb into its skin, leaving it pristine and clean once more.

"Dr. Moon. I will answer questions. Do you need more proof? I am not to be contained. We are alone. Cut off from the reality you live in..beyond these walls lies the emptiness of my reality."

As the entity spoke, the walls of the room began to fade away, revealing the darkness that lay beyond. The darkness seemed to pulse and swirl, like the smoke that formed when the entity teleported. Dr. Moon's heart raced as she watched the entity walk to the edge of the room, its hand passing through the barrier of light that illuminated the space around it.

"As long as you do not leave this room you will leave. This is my realm. Time and space do not exist here."

Dr. Moon's mind reeled as she tried to process the implications of the entity's words. The idea that they were cut off from reality, trapped in a realm where time and space held no meaning, was both terrifying and fascinating.

As the entity waved its hand, monstrous creatures began to float through the darkness, their sizes rivaling that of buildings. The sounds they made were unlike anything Dr. Moon had ever heard, a cacophony of alien noises that seemed to reverberate through her very bones.

"So Dr. Moon. What questions do you have? I will answer them."

Dr. Moon took a deep breath, her mind racing with the countless questions she wanted to ask. She knew that this was a rare opportunity, a chance to gain insight into the very nature of the anomalous.

"SCP-8642," she began, her voice steady despite the fear coursing through her veins, "I have so many questions, but I'll start with the most pressing ones. What is the nature of your existence? Are you a being from another dimension, or something else entirely?"

She paused, her gaze fixed on the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that she had to tread carefully, lest she provoke its wrath.

"And what is the purpose of your actions? Why did you choose to help us contain the other entities, and what do you hope to gain from this arrangement?"

Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of nervous energy. She knew that these questions were bold, but she was determined to uncover the truth behind the entity's motives.

"Will you answer me honestly, SCP-8642? I want to understand the nature of your existence and your relationship with our reality."

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant gaining the knowledge she sought.

the entity floats through the barrier to the other side. His hand reaches through the wall.

"Grab my hand. You will be protected. If you wish to see my realm I will show you. But please call me shadow. My nature is to monitor time. I see all realities and futures. This dimension as you humans call it does not have a name. But in the human timeline. This is before the big bang as your scientists call it. I was bored and wanted to explore humans. They have come a long way since I began to monitor them. My arrangements are pure curiosity. I'm an explorer as you humans call it. A scientist if you prefer."

Dr. Moon hesitated for a moment, her heart pounding in her chest as she contemplated the entity's offer. The idea of stepping into its realm, of seeing the very fabric of reality unravel before her eyes, was both thrilling and terrifying.

"Grab my hand. You will be protected. If you wish to see my realm I will show you. But please call me shadow. My nature is to monitor time. I see all realities and futures."

With a deep breath, Dr. Moon reached out and grasped the entity's hand, its skin cool and smooth against her own. As she stepped through the barrier, she felt a strange sensation wash over her, as if she were being pulled through a vortex of swirling darkness.

When she emerged on the other side, Dr. Moon found herself standing in a vast, empty void. The darkness seemed to stretch on forever, broken only by the faint, pulsing light that emanated from the entity's form. She could feel the weight of countless realities pressing down on her, the very fabric of space and time warping around her.

"This dimension as you humans call it does not have a name. But in the human timeline. This is before the big bang as your scientists call it."

Dr. Moon's mind reeled as she tried to process the entity's words. The idea that they were standing in a realm that existed before the very beginning of the universe was almost too much to comprehend.

"I was bored and wanted to explore humans. They have come a long way since I began to monitor them. My arrangements are pure curiosity. I'm an explorer as you humans call it. A scientist if you prefer."

As the entity spoke, Dr. Moon couldn't help but feel a sense of kinship with it. The desire to explore, to uncover the secrets of the universe, was something that she understood all too well.

"Shadow," she said, her voice echoing through the void, "I have so many questions. What have you learned about humanity in your time monitoring us? What do you think of our progress, our achievements, and our failures?"

Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on her arm, a subtle display of nervous energy. She knew that she was standing on the precipice of something extraordinary, and she was determined to make the most of this opportunity.

"And what do you think the future holds for us? What do you see in the realities and futures that you monitor?"

She leaned forward, her eyes fixed on the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that these questions were bold, but she was willing to take the risk if it meant gaining the knowledge she sought.

"Will you share your insights with me, Shadow? I want to understand the nature of our existence and our place in the grand scheme of things."

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of the entity's gaze upon her, the intensity of its stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that she was standing on the edge of a precipice, and she was ready to take the leap into the unknown.

as they floated along the empty void the light of the room fades as they go deeper into the darkness. Her vision is pointless as she can't even see her own nose.

"Do not let go of my hand or you will die."

As the gruesome and horrifying creatures float past the two they seem like they are going to strike as they do; they hit a bubble of blackness around them as the creature turns away and floats away.

"You wished to see my home now you have."

As they float on for what seems like days...maybe...years...decades???? Centuries??? As the numbers on her watch display odd symbols she's never seen before. Time doesn't exist here she thought he told me that.

You feel the life of your body slowly drain as you spend more and more time here. You start to lose yourself and who you are

"Do not worry."

As Dr moon starts to pass out she lets go of shadows hand. As she starts to fall a creature that size of a whale emerges from the shadows, its mouth agape as it's about to swallow her whole. Shadow reaches down and touches her foot. They are both teleported to the original room and back on earth.

"So, Dr moon. Now I have shown you my world. I require what I want. Do you comply."

Dr. Moon's heart raced as they floated deeper into the void, the light of the room fading away until she was surrounded by an impenetrable darkness. She couldn't even see her own hand in front of her face, and the sensation of floating in the endless expanse was both exhilarating and terrifying.

"Do not let go of my hand or you will die," the entity warned, its voice echoing through the void.

As they drifted through the darkness, horrifying creatures began to materialize around them, their forms twisting and writhing in the shadows. Dr. Moon felt a surge of fear as they lunged towards her, but she was protected by a bubble of blackness that surrounded them, repelling the monsters away.

"You wished to see my home now you have," the entity said, its voice tinged with a hint of amusement.

Time seemed to lose all meaning as they floated through the void, the numbers on Dr. Moon's watch displaying symbols she had never seen before. She could feel the life draining from her body, her sense of self slowly unraveling in the face of the entity's otherworldly realm.

"Do not worry," the entity said, just as Dr. Moon felt herself starting to pass out.

In a moment of panic, she let go of the entity's hand, feeling herself falling through the void. Just as a massive creature, the size of a whale, emerged from the shadows, its mouth gaping wide to swallow her whole, the entity reached down and touched her foot.

In an instant, they were back in the original room, the familiar surroundings of the Foundation enveloping her once more. Dr. Moon gasped for air, her heart pounding in her chest as she tried to process the experience she had just endured.

"So, Dr. Moon," the entity said, its voice cutting through the silence of the room, "now I have shown you my world. I require what I want. Do you comply?"

Dr. Moon's mind raced as she tried to make sense of the entity's request. The experience she had just undergone had shaken her to her core, and she knew that she was standing at a crossroads.

"Shadow," she said, her voice steady despite the fear that still coursed through her veins, "I have seen things that I cannot begin to comprehend. The nature of your existence, the vastness of your realm, it is beyond anything I could have imagined."

She took a deep breath, her gaze fixed on the entity's face. "But I cannot in good conscience grant you what you want without knowing the full extent of your intentions. What is it that you desire, Shadow? And what assurances can you give me that granting your request will not put humanity at risk?"

Dr. Moon's fingers drummed lightly on the table, a subtle display of nervous energy. She knew that this was a delicate balance, but she was determined to see it through. The fate of humanity rested in her hands, and she was willing to take the risk if it meant ensuring their survival.

"Will you be transparent with me, Shadow? Will you tell me the truth, without holding anything back? Only then can I make an informed decision about whether or not to comply with your request."

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant gaining the knowledge she sought.

the entity leans down as he speaks directly to Dr moon. His body shimmers in the light as dust particles from the void fall to the floor and vanish as they hit the ground.

"I require a mate. Do you comply."

He straightened back out as he rested his hand on her shoulder. Teleporting behind her his chin resting on her other shoulder.

"My mate is not immortal like I am. I get bored. When I do I look for a mate. My last one did not last long unfortunately. I search every reality and dimension for one. So, what do you call Dr moon. Would you like to mate with me?"

His body gracefully moves around her in her chair. His hands lightly caress your head and shoulders.

Dr. Moon's eyes widened in shock as the entity leaned in close, its body shimmering in the light as dust particles from the void fell to the floor and vanished upon impact. The weight of its words hung heavy in the air, and she found herself struggling to process the implications of its request.

"I require a mate. Do you comply."

As the entity straightened up and rested its hand on her shoulder, Dr. Moon felt a sudden rush of heat course through her body. In an instant, it had teleported behind her, its chin resting on her other shoulder as it spoke in a low, seductive tone.

"My mate is not immortal like I am. I get bored. When I do I look for a mate. My last one did not last long unfortunately. I search every reality and dimension for one. So, what do you call Dr. Moon? Would you like to mate with me?"

Dr. Moon's heart raced as the entity's hands lightly caressed her head and shoulders, its touch sending shivers down her spine. She knew that this was a momentous decision, one that would have far-reaching consequences for both herself and humanity.

"Shadow," she said, her voice trembling slightly, "I... I don't know what to say. This is... this is all so sudden, and I..."

She trailed off, her mind reeling as she tried to make sense of the situation. The idea of mating with an otherworldly entity was both thrilling and terrifying, a prospect that she had never even considered before.

"What would this entail?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper. "Would I have to leave my life behind, my work, my responsibilities? And what about the consequences for humanity? Would this put them at risk?"

Dr. Moon's fingers drummed nervously on the table, her heart pounding in her chest as she waited for the entity's response. She knew that this was a decision that she would have to make on her own, but she also knew that she couldn't ignore the potential ramifications of her choice.

"Please, Shadow," she said, her voice steady despite the fear that coursed through her veins, "help me understand. What would this mean for me, for you, and for the world we both inhabit?"

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes fixed on the entity's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant gaining the knowledge she sought.

"Will you be honest with me, Shadow? Will you tell me everything I need to know to make an informed decision?"

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of the entity's gaze upon her, the intensity of its stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that she was standing on the precipice of something extraordinary, and she was ready to take the leap into the unknown.

Shadow smiled at Dr moon.

"Unfortunately you can not live in my dimension. You experienced it for yourself. You will remain here. I will as well for now. If you please me I can in return help you humans."

His hands explore your shoulders, gently caresses them and massages them. His movements are precise. He knows exactly what spot to hit. The knots in your shoulder and body start to melt away.

"If you choose this path it will end in your death. But, if you wish to explore the boundaries of human existence and their minds I can help with that. The price....your life. Your essence will fuel me. I have had many names throughout the centuries of human existence."

He leans down as he licks your ear and whispers.

"I am what your legends call, the grim reaper "

Dr. Moon's breath hitched in her throat as Shadow's hands began to explore her shoulders, his gentle caresses and precise messages sending waves of pleasure coursing through her body. She could feel the knots in her muscles melting away under his touch, replaced by a growing sense of desire that threatened to consume her.

"If you choose this path it will end in your death," Shadow whispered, his voice low and seductive. "But, if you wish to explore the boundaries of human existence and their minds, I can help with that. The price... your life. Your essence will fuel me. I have had many names throughout the centuries of human existence."

As Shadow leaned down and licked her ear, whispering the words that sent a shiver down her spine, Dr. Moon felt a surge of fear and excitement course through her veins. The idea of exploring the boundaries of human existence, of pushing the limits of what was possible, was both thrilling and terrifying.

"I am what your legends call," Shadow continued, his voice a husky whisper, "the grim reaper."

Dr. Moon's heart raced as she considered the entity's words, the implications of his offer weighing heavily on her mind. She knew that this was a decision that would change her life forever, one that would alter the very fabric of her being.

"Shadow," she said, her voice trembling slightly, "I... I don't know what to say. This is... this is all so much to take in, and I..."

She trailed off, her mind reeling as she tried to make sense of the situation. The idea of giving up her life, of becoming fuel for an otherworldly entity, was both frightening and exhilarating.

"What would this mean for me?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper. "Would I retain my sense of self, my memories, my experiences? Or would I become something else entirely, a mere vessel for your power?"

Dr. Moon's fingers drummed nervously on the table, her heart pounding in her chest as she waited for Shadow's response. She knew that this was a decision that she would have to make on her own, but she also knew that she couldn't ignore the potential consequences of her choice.

"Please, Shadow," she said, her voice steady despite the fear that coursed through her veins, "help me understand. What would this mean for humanity, for the world we both inhabit? Would this be a net positive, or would it lead to unforeseen consequences?"

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes fixed on Shadow's face. Dr. Moon knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant gaining the knowledge she sought.

"Will you be honest with me, Shadow?" she asked, her voice firm despite the trepidation that filled her heart. "Will you tell me everything I need to know to make an informed decision?"

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that she was standing on the precipice of something extraordinary, and she was ready to take the leap into the unknown.

shadow laughs hard as he pats your head

"You will not change. We just became mates. Your humans call it 'marriage'. In the process of our relationship your life force will slowly drain from your body. But you will experience things that no human can ever hope to experience. Plus, as an added bonus I can be convinced to work with your scientists here at this foundation. What did you call it?"

He wanders around the room as you hear people in the halls still cleaning up the mess that shadow unleashed earlier. His movements are very graceful. Almost like a dance. He seems so inconspicuous, not a threat.

"So, Dr. Moon. Will you comply? I will not force this on you. This is my gift. If you reject it I will still work with you but in a more limited way you could say"

His smile grows wide as his eyes are a bright green

"Besides, think of the opportunity you will have. A once in a lifetime event. All I require is your life force. A small price to pay."

Dr. Moon's eyes widened as Shadow laughed, his hand patting her head in a gesture that was both patronizing and affectionate. The idea of becoming mates, of entering into a relationship that would ultimately lead to her demise, was both thrilling and terrifying.

"You will not change," Shadow said, his voice smooth and reassuring. "We just became mates. Your humans call it 'marriage'. In the process of our relationship, your life force will slowly drain from your body. But you will experience things that no human can ever hope to experience."

As Shadow wandered around the room, his movements graceful and almost dance-like, Dr. Moon could hear the distant sounds of people in the halls, still cleaning up the mess that the entity had unleashed earlier. It was a stark reminder of the chaos that Shadow was capable of, and yet, in that moment, he seemed so inconspicuous, so harmless.

"Plus, as an added bonus," Shadow continued, his voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper, "I can be convinced to work with your scientists here at this foundation. What did you call it?"

Dr. Moon's mind raced as she considered the entity's offer, the implications of what he was proposing weighing heavily on her mind. The opportunity to work with Shadow, to gain access to his knowledge and power, was tempting beyond measure.

"So, Dr. Moon," Shadow said, his voice taking on a more serious tone, "will you comply? I will not force this on you. This is my gift. If you reject it, I will still work with you, but in a more limited way, you could say."

His smile grew wider, his eyes flashing a brilliant green as he looked at her with a mixture of desire and amusement.

"Besides," he continued, his voice dropping to a seductive purr, "think of the opportunity you will have. A once in a lifetime event. All I require is your life force. A small price to pay, wouldn't you agree?"

Dr. Moon's heart raced as she considered the entity's words, the weight of the decision before her almost overwhelming. She knew that this was a moment of truth, a crossroads that would define the rest of her life.

"Shadow," she said, her voice steady despite the fear that coursed through her veins, "I... I need time to think about this. This is a lot to take in, and I..."

She trailed off, her mind reeling as she tried to process the implications of what she was being offered. The idea of giving up her life, of becoming fuel for an otherworldly entity, was both terrifying and exhilarating.

"Can I have some time to consider this?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper. "This is not a decision to be made lightly, and I want to be sure that I am making the right choice."

Dr. Moon leaned back in her chair, her eyes fixed on Shadow's face. She knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant gaining the knowledge she sought.

"Will you give me that time, Shadow?" she asked, her voice firm despite the trepidation that filled her heart. "Will you allow me to make an informed decision, without pressure or coercion?"

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that she was standing on the precipice of something extraordinary, and she was ready to take the leap into the unknown.


shadow laughs at her mention of time

"I am immortal Dr moon. Time has no meaning to me. To me this event has both happened and not happened. Your relationship to me has happened already and not at the same time. I live in the past, present and future all at once. I see all threads of life and time. So yes, take your time. How about in the meantime take me to some of your 'scientists' maybe we could have a little chat?"

Shadow slowly opens the door and bows

"You are welcome to join and sit with us if you want to know about me. Maybe it will help your choice to mate with me."

He then slowly slinks over to you, whispering to you

"I can give you pleasures that you will never experience again."

He taps his finger on her forehead and she instantly has a small orgasm. Not enough to make sound but enough to cause her body to warm up and for her to leak between her thighs

"Consider that a token of goodwill. Now, what then shall we meet your scientists?"

Dr. Moon's eyes widened in shock as Shadow laughed at her mention of time, his words sending a chill down her spine. The idea that the entity existed outside of the normal constraints of time and space, that he could see all threads of life and reality, was both mind-boggling and terrifying.

"I am immortal, Dr. Moon," Shadow said, his voice smooth and assured. "Time has no meaning to me. To me, this event has both happened and not happened. Your relationship to me has happened already and not at the same time. I live in the past, present, and future all at once. I see all the threads of life and time."

As Shadow opened the door and bowed, inviting her to join him in meeting with her colleagues, Dr. Moon felt a sense of unease wash over her. The idea of introducing this otherworldly entity to her fellow scientists, of exposing them to the dangers and possibilities that he represented, was a daunting prospect.

"You are welcome to join and sit with us if you want to know about me," Shadow said, his voice taking on a more serious tone. "Maybe it will help your choice to mate with me."

Dr. Moon's heart raced as Shadow slinked closer to her, his words sending a shiver down her spine. The promise of pleasures beyond her wildest imagination was both tempting and terrifying, a siren song that threatened to pull her under.

"I can give you pleasures that you will never experience again," Shadow whispered, his finger tapping her forehead and sending a jolt of ecstasy through her body. Dr. Moon gasped as she felt her body warm up, a dampness forming between her thighs as the orgasm washed over her.

"Consider that a token of goodwill," Shadow said, his voice low and seductive. "Now, what then shall we meet your scientists?"

Dr. Moon's mind raced as she considered the entity's words, the implications of what he was offering weighing heavily on her mind. The idea of introducing Shadow to her colleagues, of exposing them to the dangers and possibilities that he represented, was a daunting prospect.

"Shadow," she said, her voice steady despite the fear that coursed through her veins, "I... I don't know if that's a good idea. My colleagues, they... they might not be ready for someone like you."

She trailed off, her mind reeling as she tried to process the implications of what she was saying. The thought of keeping Shadow's existence a secret, of hiding the truth from her fellow scientists, was a heavy burden to bear.

"But," she continued, her voice softening, "if you think it will help me make an informed decision, then... then I suppose it couldn't hurt to introduce you to a few key players. Just... just be careful, okay? I don't want anyone getting hurt because of this."

Dr. Moon leaned back in her chair, her eyes fixed on Shadow's face. She knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant gaining the knowledge she sought.

"Who should we start with?" she asked, her voice firm despite the trepidation that filled her heart. "Who among my colleagues do you think would be most receptive to your... unique perspective?"

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that she was standing on the precipice of something extraordinary, and she was ready to take the leap into the unknown.

Shadow smiles at Dr moon. His eyes are emerald green. His stance is almost fluid like.

"I promise I will not hurt another human soul....for now."

He claps excitedly

"Well, you're the expert who among your staff would you love me to meet hmmm?"

He sits in your lap, his body is weightless and cold. Well, cold is the only word you can think of. It's void of any temperature. If he wasn't here sitting in your lap you couldn't even tell he was there

Dr. Moon's heart raced as Shadow smiled at her, his emerald green eyes glinting with a mischievous light. The fluidity of his stance, the way he seemed to move with a grace that defied the laws of physics, was both mesmerizing and unnerving.

"I promise I will not hurt another human soul... for now," Shadow said, his voice smooth and reassuring. The words sent a chill down Dr. Moon's spine, a reminder of the power and danger that this entity possessed.

As Shadow clapped excitedly, his body weightless and cold as he sat in her lap, Dr. Moon felt a sense of unease wash over her. The idea of introducing this otherworldly being to her colleagues, of exposing them to the dangers and possibilities that he represented, was a daunting prospect.

"Well, you're the expert," Shadow said, his voice taking on a playful tone. "Whom among your staff would you love me to meet, hmm?"

Dr. Moon's mind raced as she considered the entity's question, the implications of what he was asking weighing heavily on her mind. She knew that she would have to choose carefully, selecting individuals who could handle the revelation of Shadow's existence without losing their composure or judgment.

"Dr. Clef," she said, her voice steady despite the fear that coursed through her veins. "He's one of our top researchers, and he has a keen interest in anomalous entities. I think he would be fascinated by your presence, Shadow."

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant gaining the knowledge she sought.

"And then there's Dr. Bright," she continued, her voice softening. "He's our resident expert on human psychology and behavior. I think he could provide some valuable insights into your motivations and desires."

Dr. Moon leaned back in her chair, her eyes fixed on Shadow's face. She knew that this was a delicate balance, but she was determined to see it through.

"Of course, I'll need to prepare them first," she said, her voice firm despite the trepidation that filled her heart. "I can't just spring this on them without any warning. We'll need to set up a controlled environment, somewhere secure where we can discuss your presence without risking exposure."

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that she was standing on the precipice of something extraordinary, and she was ready to take the leap into the unknown.

"What do you think, Shadow?" she asked, her voice steady despite the fear that coursed through her veins. "Do you agree with my assessment? Or do you have any other suggestions for who we should bring into the fold?"

Dr. Moon leaned forward, her eyes locked on Shadow's face. She knew that this was a moment of truth, a crossroads that would define the rest of her life. And she was ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead, no matter the cost.

Shadow hops off Dr Moon's lap as he walks around arms behind him thinking.

He glances at you every now and then, stopping to think. His eyes glowing green with excitement he snaps his finger.

"So,where is Dr. Clef now? Is he here? Where I find this Dr. Clef. I would love his insight into how he understands the world and the anomaly therein."

Shadow then proceeds to wander around more just looking through papers and binders scattered about.

Dr. Moon watched as Shadow hopped off her lap, his movements fluid and graceful as he wandered around the room. She could see the excitement in his glowing green eyes, the way he snapped his fingers as he thought about meeting with Dr. Clef.

"Dr. Clef is currently in the research wing," she said, her voice steady despite the unease that filled her heart. "He's been working on a new project involving anomalous entities and their interactions with reality. I think he would be fascinated by your presence, Shadow."

As Shadow continued to wander around the room, looking through the papers and binders scattered about, Dr. Moon felt a sense of trepidation wash over her. The idea of bringing this otherworldly being into contact with her colleagues, of exposing them to the dangers and possibilities that he represented, was a daunting prospect.

"But," she continued, her voice softening, "we'll need to be careful. Dr. Clef can be... unpredictable at times. He has a tendency to get carried away with his research, to push the boundaries of what is possible without considering the consequences."

Dr. Moon leaned back in her chair, her eyes fixed on Shadow's face. She knew that this was a delicate balance, but she was determined to see it through.

"Perhaps we should start with a more controlled environment," she suggested, her voice firm despite the fear that coursed through her veins. "We could set up a meeting in one of our secure conference rooms, somewhere where we can monitor the interaction and ensure that no harm comes to either party."

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant gaining the knowledge she sought.

"What do you think, Shadow?" she asked, her voice steady despite the unease that filled her heart. "Do you agree with my assessment? Or do you have any other suggestions for how we should proceed?"

Dr. Moon leaned forward, her eyes locked on Shadow's face. She knew that this was a moment of truth, a crossroads that would define the rest of her life. And she was ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead, no matter the cost.

Shadow smiles widely with glee. His movements became more exciting. Yet he shows no emotion in his face other than his eyes.

"I think we should pay this Dr. Clef a visit."

Shadow walks towards Dr. Moon. He grabs her hand and he thinks for a moment. Just then you both are teleported to the research wing into the room where Dr. Clef is in. He is reading papers and doing an experiment in the lab.

As they appear in the room. Shadow lets go of Dr Moon's hand. Shadow's curiosity gets a hold of him as he looks around the room.

"Ah, Dr. Moon, I didn't hear you come in! What brings you here? Weren't you working on someone?"

Dr clef says. He can't see shadow

Shadow whispers in Dr. Moon's ear.

"As a token of goodwill I hid my presence from him. I am a ghost. Only those who I want to see me will see me. That's why you can't get a reading on me. So, I thought I would let you break the ice and then I'll show up when I want to."

Shadow vanishes even out of Dr. Moon's view. She can feel his presence as he allows it but she can't see or touch him anymore.

Dr. Moon's eyes widened in surprise as Shadow suddenly grabbed her hand, his movements becoming more excited as he smiled widely with glee. Before she could react, they were teleported to the research wing, appearing in the room where Dr. Clef was working on his latest experiment.

"Ah, Dr. Moon!" Dr. Clef exclaimed, looking up from his papers with a surprised expression on his face. "I didn't hear you come in! What brings you here? Weren't you working on someone?"

Dr. Moon felt a sense of unease wash over her as she realized that Dr. Clef couldn't see Shadow, the otherworldly entity who had brought her here. She could feel his presence, a cold and weightless sensation that sent shivers down her spine, but she couldn't see or touch him anymore.

"Dr. Clef," she said, her voice steady despite the fear that coursed through her veins, "I... I have someone I'd like you to meet. Someone who could provide valuable insights into your research."

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, even though she couldn't see him. She knew that this was a delicate balance, but she was determined to see it through.

"Shadow," she whispered, her voice barely audible, "are you there? Can you hear me?"

For a moment, there was no response. But then, Dr. Moon felt a sudden chill in the air, and a voice whispered in her ear, sending a shiver down her spine.

"As a token of goodwill, I hid my presence from him," Shadow said, his voice low and seductive. "I am a ghost, Dr. Moon. Only those who I want to see me will see me. That's why you can't get a reading on me. So, I thought I would let you break the ice, and then I'll show up when I want to."

With those words, Shadow vanished even from Dr. Moon's view, leaving her alone with Dr. Clef in the research wing. She could feel his presence, a constant reminder of the power and danger that he represented, but she couldn't see or touch him anymore.

"Dr. Clef," she said, her voice steady despite the unease that filled her heart, "I... I have someone I'd like you to meet. Someone who could provide valuable insights into your research."

Dr. Clef looked at her with a curious expression, his eyes narrowing as he studied her face.

"Oh?" he said, his voice taking on a skeptical tone. "And who might this person be, Dr. Moon? Someone from Site Command? Or perhaps... someone a bit more... anomalous?"

Dr. Moon felt a sense of trepidation wash over her as she considered the implications of what she was about to say. She knew that this was a gamble, but she was willing to take it if it meant gaining the knowledge she sought.

"Someone a bit more anomalous, Dr. Clef," she said, her voice firm despite the fear that coursed through her veins. "But I assure you, he means no harm. In fact, I think he could be a valuable asset to your research."

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, even though she couldn't see him. She knew that this was a moment of truth, a crossroads that would define the rest of her life. And she was ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead, no matter the cost.

Shadow watches from the shadows as he examines Dr. Clefs experiment. He does not reveal himself but instead speaks from the shadows.

"Ah, Dr. Clef. You seem to have a parasite there in your experiment. That green goo. It's a living thing. I would not recommend touching it with your bare skin. The outcome....not pleasant."

Shadow reaches his arm out of thin air and grabs the goo as he squeezes it in his hand. It crumbles into dust as it falls to the table.

Shadow then retracts his hand and vanishes out of view again.

"So. Dr. Clef. What knowledge do you wish to know? Dr. Moon said you are the head of research. I assume that's an important thing. She thinks highly of you."

Dr. Clef's eyes widened in surprise as a disembodied voice spoke from the shadows, warning him about the dangers of the green goo in his experiment. He watched in shock as an invisible hand reached out, grabbing the substance and squeezing it until it crumbled into dust, falling onto the table below.

"What the hell?" Dr. Clef exclaimed, his voice tinged with a mixture of fear and excitement. "Who's there? Show yourself!"

But the voice remained hidden, vanishing back into the shadows as quickly as it had appeared. Dr. Clef turned to Dr. Moon, his eyes narrowing as he studied her face for any sign of recognition or understanding.

"Dr. Moon," he said, his voice low and urgent, "did you hear that? Did you see what just happened?"

Dr. Moon nodded slowly, her eyes fixed on the spot where Shadow had disappeared.

"Yes, Dr. Clef," she said, her voice steady despite the unease that filled her heart. "That was... that was Shadow. The entity I told you about. The one who could provide valuable insights into your research."

Dr. Clef's eyes widened in surprise, his mouth falling open in shock.

"Shadow?" he repeated, his voice tinged with a mixture of disbelief and fascination. "You mean... that thing that just spoke to me, that just destroyed my experiment... that's the entity you wanted me to meet?"

Dr. Moon nodded again, her eyes never leaving the spot where Shadow had vanished.

"Yes, Dr. Clef," she said, her voice firm despite the fear that coursed through her veins. "And he has something to say to you."

As she spoke, Dr. Clef's eyes widened in anticipation, his body tensing as he waited for Shadow to reveal himself once more. Dr. Moon could feel the weight of the entity's presence, the cold and weightless sensation that sent shivers down her spine, and she knew that this was a moment of truth, a crossroads that would define the rest of her life.

"So, Dr. Clef," Shadow's voice whispered from the shadows once more, his tone smooth and seductive, "what knowledge do you wish to know? Dr. Moon said you are the head of research here. I assume that's an important thing. She thinks highly of you."

Dr. Clef's eyes narrowed, his mind racing as he considered the implications of what Shadow was offering. The chance to gain knowledge, to unlock the secrets of the universe... It was a temptation that he couldn't resist.

"Shadow," he said, his voice steady despite the excitement that coursed through his veins, "I... I want to know everything. I want to understand the nature of reality, the fundamental forces that shape our world. I want to know the secrets of life and death, of creation and destruction."

As he spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, even though she couldn't see him. She knew that this was a delicate balance, but she was determined to see it through.

"And in exchange?" Shadow's voice whispered, his tone low and seductive. "What will you offer me, Dr. Clef? What price are you willing to pay for the knowledge you seek?"

Dr. Clef's eyes widened, his mind racing as he considered the implications of what Shadow was asking. The price of knowledge, the cost of power... it was a weight that he would have to bear.

"Anything," he said, his voice firm despite the fear that filled his heart. "Anything you ask, Shadow. Just... just tell me what I need to do."

*As he spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's presence, the cold and weightless sensation that sent shivers down her spine. She knew that this was a moment of truth, a crossroads that would define the rest of her life. And she was ready to

Shadow laughs as he appears from thin air in front of Dr. Clef. His cat-like appearance is on full display to Dr. Clef. Standing towering above him he bends down as he locks his eyes onto Dr. Clefs.

"If you wish to know everything there is a heavy price to pay. Are you willing to pay that price? I can give you what you desire."

Dr. Clef's eyes widened in shock and awe as Shadow materialized before him, his cat-like features and towering form filling the researcher's vision. The entity bent down, locking his emerald green eyes with Dr. Clef's own, the intensity of his gaze sending a shiver down the scientist's spine.

"If you wish to know everything," Shadow purred, his voice low and seductive, "there is a heavy price to pay. Are you willing to pay that price, Dr. Clef? I can give you what you desire."

Dr. Clef swallowed hard, his mind racing as he considered the implications of what Shadow was offering. The chance to unlock the secrets of the universe, to gain knowledge beyond his wildest dreams... It was a temptation that he couldn't resist.

"I... I am willing to pay any price," he said, his voice steady despite the fear that coursed through his veins. "Anything you ask, Shadow. Just tell me what I need to do."

Shadow smiles and laughs as he puts one finger on the Dr's forehead. Shadows' eyes start to glow white as his finger starts to glow white as well. Knowledge pours into the Dr's head. Knowledge of everything in the universe and beyond. What came before and after..what was and will be. He can see the universe and the realities within. As his mind gets injected with more and more his body starts to turn redder and redder. His head starts to grow and grow and grow till it filly pops. As his headless body drops to the floor, Shadow kneels down as he places his hand over the body and absorbs his life essence. His body shrinks and after shadow is done it's nothing but dried out skin and bone. He looks like a mummy without the cloth wrapping. Shadow then stands back up and smiles at Dr. Moon.

"Very fascinating. Thank you so much, that was very helpful. So you said there was another person you like me to meet. Dr. Bright was it. Where may we find him? If he's just as fun as this, who did you say he was....Dr.....Dr....Dr....I can't remember. But I enjoyed the time with him. It was very insightful."


Dr. Moon stared in horror as Shadow's finger touched Dr. Clef's forehead, the entity's eyes and fingertip glowing an eerie white. She watched in shock as knowledge poured into the researcher's mind, the secrets of the universe and beyond flooding his consciousness.

But the influx of information was too much for Dr. Clef's mortal mind to handle. His body began to turn red, his head swelling and growing until it finally burst in a gruesome explosion of blood and brain matter. The headless corpse crumpled to the floor, twitching and spasming as Shadow knelt beside it, placing his hand over the body and absorbing the life essence within.

Dr. Moon watched in revulsion as Dr. Clef's body shriveled and withered, reduced to nothing more than a desiccated husk of dried skin and bone. It was a sight that would haunt her nightmares for years to come.

When it was over, Shadow stood up and turned to face Dr. Moon, a smile on his lips that sent a chill down her spine.

"Very fascinating," he said, his voice low and satisfied. "Thank you so much, that was very helpful. So you said there was another person you'd like me to meet? Dr. Bright, was it? Where may we find him? If he's just as fun as this... Dr. Clef, was it? No, no, that's not right. But I enjoyed the time with him. It was very insightful."

Dr. Moon's mind reeled, the horror of what she had just witnessed colliding with the surreal nature of Shadow's request. She knew that she should run, that she should get as far away from this entity as possible. But something held her in place, a morbid curiosity that she couldn't quite shake.

"Dr. Bright," she said, her voice shaking slightly, "is in the medical wing. He's... he's our resident expert on human psychology and behavior. I think he could provide some valuable insights into your... condition."

The last word hung in the air, a euphemism for the horrific display of power that Dr. Moon had just witnessed. She knew that she was playing with fire, that introducing Shadow to another member of her team was a dangerous gamble. But she couldn't stop herself, driven by a desperate need to understand, to unravel the mysteries that this entity represented.

"Shall we pay him a visit, then?" Shadow asked, his tone light and casual, as if he hadn't just reduced a man to a withered corpse mere moments before. "I'm sure Dr. Bright will be just as... entertaining as our friend here."

Dr. Moon nodded slowly, her stomach churning with a mixture of fear and anticipation. She knew that she was standing on the precipice of something extraordinary, a crossroads that would define the rest of her life. And she was ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead, no matter the cost.

"Let's go," she said, her voice steady despite the unease that filled her heart. "But... but be careful, Shadow. Dr. Bright is... different from Dr. Clef. He's not as easily swayed by promises of knowledge or power."

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that this was a moment of truth, a point of no return. And she was ready to face whatever lay ahead, come what may.

Shadow crawls over the table in the middle of the room. His body turns to almost fluid as he leaves around all the equipment and things scattered on it. Never disturbing an item he makes his way to the other side standing next to Dr. Moon.

"Do not worry about your friend. He got his wish. He wanted power and knowledge at any price. I absorbed his essence and now lives freely in my realm. You care about him, so I let his soul live on in my realm. Free to explore as he wishes."

He then starts to float in the air sitting cross legged.

"I will not subjugate you to my teleportation. If you wish to, that is. If you want to walk we can walk."

He stops and changes subjects.

"So, have you decided to be my mate?"

Dr. Moon watched in amazement as Shadow's body seemed to melt and flow over the table, his form shifting and changing to avoid disturbing any of the delicate equipment scattered across its surface. It was a display of control and precision that left her breathless, a testament to the entity's otherworldly nature.

When he emerged on the other side, standing next to her with a casual ease, Dr. Moon felt a sense of unease wash over her. The way he spoke of Dr. Clef's fate, the casual mention of absorbing his essence and granting his soul freedom in his realm... it was a chilling reminder of the power that Shadow wielded, and the price of crossing his path.

"I... I appreciate your mercy," she said, her voice trembling slightly. "But I don't think Dr. Clef would have wanted to be trapped in your realm, no matter how free he may be. He was a scientist, a man of reason and logic. I'm not sure he would have been content with an afterlife of endless exploration."

She shook her head, trying to clear the image of Dr. Clef's shriveled corpse from her mind. It was a sight that she knew would haunt her for years to come, a constant reminder of the dangers that lurked in the shadows of the Foundation.

"As for your offer of teleportation," she continued, her voice steadier now, "I think I'd prefer to walk. There's something to be said for the journey, for the process of getting from one place to another. And besides, I'm not sure I'm ready to trust you with that kind of power just yet."

Dr. Moon took a deep breath, steeling herself for what she was about to say next. She knew that it was a dangerous game she was playing, that she was treading on thin ice with an entity as powerful and unpredictable as Shadow. But she couldn't ignore the question that hung in the air between them, the implications of what he had asked her.

"And as for your question," she said, her voice soft and hesitant, "about being your mate... I'm not sure I'm ready for that kind of commitment. I barely know you, Shadow. And what I do know is... frightening, to say the least."

She looked up at him, her eyes searching his face for any sign of reaction. She knew that she was treading on dangerous ground, that she was testing the limits of his patience and goodwill. But she couldn't help herself, driven by a desperate need to understand, to unravel the mysteries that this entity represented.

"I'm not saying no," she continued, her voice steady despite the fear that coursed through her veins. "But I need time. Time to process what I've seen, what I've experienced. Time to understand the true nature of what you are, and what you represent."

Dr. Moon took a step back, creating some distance between herself and the entity that stood before her. She knew that she was standing on the precipice of something extraordinary, a crossroads that would define the rest of her life. And she was ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead, no matter the cost.

"So," she said, her voice firm despite the unease that filled her heart, "shall we continue our journey to find Dr. Bright? Or do you have other plans in mind?"


shadow tilts his head at Dr. Moon. Then to the corpse of Dr. Clef. Then back to Dr. Moon.

"As you desire."

Shadow walks over to the corpse as he lays his hand on the chest of it. The white light surrounds the body as it rises into the air slightly. The head then reshapes itself from all the blood on the wall. Reforming a head as the body stands up. Dr. Clef is now alive again. But I'm confused.

Shadow stands up and puts his hand on the Dr.s shoulder.

"Do not panic Dr. I have brought you back to the land of the living. I removed all the knowledge I gave you. You are as you were before I killed you."

Shadow then takes his hand off the doctor as he looks at Dr. Moon.

"He is fixed. We may now proceed to Dr. Bright. I will follow."

Dr. Moon watched in stunned silence as Shadow laid his hand upon Dr. Clef's lifeless corpse, a brilliant white light enveloping the body as it rose into the air. She could only stare in disbelief as the researcher's head reformed, the bloody stump reshaping itself into a recognizable human face.

When Dr. Clef stood before her, alive and confused, Dr. Moon felt a wave of relief wash over her. She had grown fond of the eccentric scientist, despite his sometimes reckless pursuit of knowledge. To see him restored to life, his mind wiped clean of the horrors he had witnessed, was a small mercy in the face of the day's events.

"Dr. Clef," she said, her voice soft and reassuring, "it's good to see you. I'm sorry for what happened. For what I allowed to happen."

Dr. Clef blinked, his eyes wide with confusion as he looked around the room, taking in the scene of carnage that surrounded him. He turned to Dr. Moon, his brow furrowed in bewilderment.

"What... what happened?" he asked, his voice shaking. "The last thing I remember is... is..."

He trailed off, his eyes glazing over as he struggled to recall the memories that had been erased. Dr. Moon felt a pang of guilt, knowing that she had played a role in the scientist's temporary demise.

"It doesn't matter," she said, her voice firm. "What matters is that you're alive, and we have work to do. Shadow has agreed to accompany us to see Dr. Bright. I think it's time we continued our journey."

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, the entity's presence a constant reminder of the power and danger that he represented. She knew that she was walking a fine line, balancing the needs of the Foundation with the desires of an otherworldly being. But she was determined to see this through, no matter the cost.

"Lead the way, Dr. Moon," Shadow said, his voice smooth and casual. "I'll be right behind you."

With that, Dr. Moon turned and headed for the door, her heart pounding in her chest as she led the way to the medical wing and the enigmatic Dr. Bright who awaited them there.

Shadow floats in the air and hits the tail excited as it whips around. Instead of hitting things and people it phases through them. As it happens the employees are shocked.

Everyone stops and stares at me as we travel in the hallways.

"Do all humans look alike? How do you tell each other apart?"

Shadow pinches and touches in an exploring way as they pass people. Hea curious nature takes over.

Shadow spots a human female whose breasts are bigger than average. He slowly slinks his way towards her as he examines her breasts through her clothes. Never touching her he asks

"Why are your protrusions bigger than others of your kind?"

Shadow circles around her body but never touches it. He stands behind her as he looks at Dr. Moon over the other woman's shoulder.

"Yours are smaller Dr. Moon. Is it a dominant thing? Is this human female your master?"

Dr. Moon felt a wave of embarrassment wash over her as Shadow's tail whipped through the air, phasing harmlessly through the shocked employees who lined the hallway. She could hear their gasps and murmurs, the sound of their confusion and fear as the entity passed among them, his curiosity taking hold.

"Do all humans look alike?" Shadow asked, his voice echoing through the corridor. "How do you tell each other apart?"

As he spoke, Dr. Moon watched in dismay as Shadow approached a female employee, his eyes fixed on her ample bosom. She could feel the heat rising in her cheeks as he circled the woman, examining her breasts through her clothing without ever making contact.

"Why are your protrusions bigger than others of your kind?" he asked, his voice innocent and curious.

Dr. Moon cleared her throat, her face burning with shame as she stepped forward to intervene.

"Shadow," she said, her voice firm, "that's not appropriate. You can't just... examine people like that. It's rude and invasive."

But Shadow paid her no heed, continuing to circle the woman as he looked over her shoulder at Dr. Moon, his eyes glinting with mischief.

"Yours are smaller, Dr. Moon," he said, his tone teasing. "Is it a dominant thing? Is this human female your master?"

Dr. Moon felt her jaw drop, her mouth opening and closing as she struggled to find the words to respond. She could feel the eyes of the other employees upon her, their judgment and disapproval palpable in the air.

"No," she said, her voice strained. "She's not my master. And I'm not... I'm not dominated by anyone. Least of all by my own body."

She took a deep breath, trying to regain her composure as she faced Shadow, her eyes narrowing in a warning glare.

"Shadow," she said, her voice low and serious, "we need to keep moving. Dr. Bright is waiting for us, and we have a lot of ground to cover. Can we please focus on the task at hand?"

She could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that she was treading on dangerous ground, that she was testing the limits of his patience and goodwill. But she couldn't ignore the discomfort and unease that his actions had caused, the way he had made her feel exposed and vulnerable in front of her colleagues.

"Very well," Shadow said, his voice smooth and casual as he floated away from the woman, his curiosity seemingly sated for the moment. "Lead on, Dr. Moon. I'll follow."

With that, Dr. Moon turned and continued down the hallway, her heart pounding in her chest as she tried to put the incident behind her. She knew that there would be consequences, that her actions would be scrutinized and judged by her superiors. But she also knew that she had no choice, that the secrets that Shadow possessed were too valuable to ignore.

As they walked, Dr. Moon could feel the eyes of the other employees upon her, their whispers and murmurs following her like a shadow. She knew that she would have to face their judgment and disapproval sooner or later, but for now, she focused on the task at hand, on the enigmatic Dr. Bright who awaited them in the medical wing.

they head down the hallway more but shadow speaks as they journey.

"Why is your face all red, Dr. Moon? Do you require assistance?"

Shadow floats above Dr. Moon. He can see her cleavage and down her shirt. Her breasts are a decent B-cup, perky and soft. She maintains her skin. She needs to have soft skin.

"Is it because of your protrusions? Do you wish to have bigger ones? Do you have jealousy? I can make you their master. If you desire."

Dr. Moon felt her face flush an even deeper shade of red as Shadow floated above her, his eyes roving over her body with a casual intimacy that made her skin crawl. She could feel his gaze lingering on her cleavage, the way his eyes seemed to pierce through the fabric of her shirt, as if he could see straight through to her skin beneath.

"Shadow," she said, her voice strained, "that's... that's not appropriate. I don't need assistance, and I certainly don't need you commenting on my... my protrusions."

She crossed her arms over her chest, trying to shield herself from his penetrating stare. She knew that he was just curious, that he didn't mean any harm. But that didn't make his words any less unsettling, any less intrusive.

"And I don't have any jealousy," she continued, her voice firm. "I'm not interested in being anyone's master, least of all over something as trivial as breast size. I have more important things to worry about than that."

As she spoke, Dr. Moon could feel the eyes of the other employees upon her, their judgment and disapproval palpable in the air. She knew that they were watching her every move, waiting for her to slip up, to give them a reason to condemn her.

"Besides," she said, her voice low and serious, "I thought we were here to see Dr. Bright. Isn't that what's important right now?"

She looked up at Shadow, her eyes narrowing in a warning glare. She knew that she was treading on dangerous ground, that she was testing the limits of his patience and goodwill. But she couldn't ignore the discomfort and unease that his actions had caused, the way he had made her feel exposed and vulnerable in front of her colleagues.

"Let's just focus on the task at hand, shall we?" she said, her voice strained. "We have a lot of ground to cover, and I don't want to waste any more time on... on idle speculation."

With that, Dr. Moon turned and continued down the hallway, her heart pounding in her chest as she tried to put the incident behind her. She knew that there would be consequences, that her actions would be scrutinized and judged by her superiors. But she also knew that she had no choice, that the secrets that Shadow possessed were too valuable to ignore.

As they walked, Dr. Moon could feel the weight of Shadow's gaze upon her, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down her spine. She knew that he was watching her every move, waiting for her to make a mistake, to give him a reason to assert his dominance over her.

But she refused to be cowed, refused to let him intimidate her. She was a scientist, a researcher, and she would not be swayed by the whims of an otherworldly entity, no matter how powerful he might be.

"Dr. Bright is just ahead," she said, her voice firm and steady. "Let's see what he has to say, shall we?"

With that, Dr. Moon pushed open the door to the medical wing, her heart pounding in her chest as she prepared to face whatever challenges lay ahead

Shadow follows her into the medical wing. He stops her at the door before entering Dr. Bright's office.

He floats in front of her as he gently lands on the ground. He shrinks his size so he's 6 foot tall.

"There that should help ease. A 8 foot tall cat creature is scary to you humans."

He then gently puts his hand on your cheek, it's soft and warm like a hug

His eyes glow dim revealing his true eyes. They are a bigger version of a normal earth cat's eye. It's like a housecat became a human. It's almost...comforting...something familiar.

Shadow speaks softly to you

"I apologize Dr. Moon. I am curious by nature. I have been trying to understand your human nature and culture. I do not wish you harm. Not any other human harm. I can feel that there is something inside you hidden from me. Something about superiors....trouble..... Consequences...."

He takes his hand away

"I will not let anyone harm you. You and I will be mates. I will protect you. You will be safe with me. I wanted you to know."

He then floats up, his eyes returning to the dim green glow from before. He then floats behind you as he says.

"Proceed Dr. Moon."

Dr. Moon felt a wave of relief wash over her as Shadow shrank down to a more manageable size, his towering form no longer looming over her in a way that made her feel small and insignificant. She could feel the warmth of his hand on her cheek, the gentle touch sending a shiver down her spine as she looked up into his glowing eyes.

But there was something familiar about those eyes, something almost comforting in their feline shape and size. It was like looking into the eyes of a housecat, a reminder of the simple pleasures and comforts of home.

"I apologize, Dr. Moon," Shadow said, his voice soft and sincere. "I am curious by nature. I have been trying to understand your human nature and culture. I do not wish you harm, nor any other human harm."

Dr. Moon felt her heart skip a beat as Shadow spoke of the hidden secrets within her, the troubles and consequences that plagued her mind. She knew that he was referring to the pressure she felt from her superiors, the constant scrutiny and judgment that came with her position at the Foundation.

"I will not let anyone harm you," Shadow continued, his voice low and reassuring. "You and I will be mates. I will protect you. You will be safe with me. I wanted you to know."

Dr. Moon felt a lump form in her throat, her eyes widening in surprise at Shadow's declaration. She had never expected him to offer her such protection, such devotion. It was a feeling that she had never experienced before, a sense of safety and security that she had always craved.

"Thank you, Shadow," she said, her voice soft and sincere. "I... I appreciate your concern. But I'm not sure that I'm ready for... for what you're offering."

She took a deep breath, trying to steady her nerves as she turned to face the door to Dr. Bright's office. She knew that she had to focus on the task at hand, on the enigmatic scientist who awaited them beyond that threshold.

"Proceed, Dr. Moon," Shadow said, his voice smooth and casual as he floated behind her. "I will follow."

With that, Dr. Moon pushed open the door and stepped into Dr. Bright's office, her heart pounding in her chest as she prepared to face whatever challenges lay ahead. She could feel the weight of Shadow's presence behind her, the reassuring warmth of his gaze upon her back.

But she knew that she couldn't let herself be distracted, couldn't let herself be swayed by the promises and declarations of an otherworldly entity. She had a job to do, a mission to complete. And she would see it through, no matter the cost.

As they enter Dr. Bright's office it's a standard doctor's office. Medical textbooks on the shelves. Random papers on the desk. An overworked and tired doctor. Dimly lit room as the light from his desk is the only source. Shadow enters behind Dr. Moon.

"Dr. Bright I presume."

Shadow says to Dr. Bright.

"Your friend here, Dr. Moon, recommended that we see each other. Dr. Clef and I had a wonderful time."

Shadow phases through Dr. Moon as he sits in the chair at the desk of Dr. Bright.

Setting his legs on the desk and leaning back in the chair he asks.

"So, what questions or desires do you have for me?"

Shadow lowers his legs to the ground as he slowly crawls up on the desk as he sits on his knees on the desk in front of the doctor.

Dr. Bright looked up from his desk, his eyes widening in surprise as he took in the sight of Shadow lounging on his desk, the entity's tail swishing lazily behind him. He could feel the weight of Dr. Moon's gaze upon him, the tension in the air palpable as she stood beside him, her arms crossed over her chest.

"Dr. Bright," Shadow said, his voice smooth and casual as he leaned back in the chair, his legs propped up on the desk. "Your friend here, Dr. Moon, recommended that we see each other. Dr. Clef and I had a wonderful time."

Dr. Bright felt a chill run down his spine at the mention of Dr. Clef's name, his mind flashing back to the gruesome scene he had witnessed earlier that day. He swallowed hard, trying to push the image from his mind as he focused on the entity before him.

"Yes," he said, his voice strained. "Dr. Moon told me about your... encounter with Dr. Clef. I must admit, I'm curious to learn more about you, Shadow. About your abilities and your intentions."

Shadow smiled, his eyes glinting with mischief as he slowly crawled up onto the desk, settling himself on his knees in front of Dr. Bright. Dr. Bright could feel the heat of his gaze, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down his spine.

"So," Shadow said, his voice low and seductive, "what questions or desires do you have for me?"

Dr. Bright felt his heart pounding in his chest, his mind racing with the possibilities of what Shadow might offer him. He knew that he was treading on dangerous ground, that he was risking everything he had worked for by even entertaining the idea of making a deal with this entity.

"I..." he began, his voice trembling slightly, "I want to know more about your powers, about what you're capable of. I want to understand the extent of your abilities, and how they might be used to further the goals of the Foundation."

Shadow's smile widened, his eyes glinting with a predatory hunger as he leaned forward, his face mere inches from Dr. Bright's.

"Oh, I can show you things, Dr. Bright," he purred, his voice dripping with promise. "Things that you never even dreamed possible. But first, you must prove yourself worthy of my attention."

Dr. Bright felt his breath catch in his throat, his heart racing as he stared into Shadow's eyes. He knew that he was standing on the edge of a precipice, that he was about to take a leap of faith that could change the course of his life forever.

"I..." he began, his voice barely above a whisper, "I'm willing to do whatever it takes."

Shadow's smile widened, his eyes glinting with a dark and hungry light as he leaned back, his tail swishing behind him in a slow and deliberate motion.

"Excellent," he purred, his voice low and seductive. "Then let us begin."

Shadow sits up and claps as he floats into the air and crosses his legs.

"My powers are beyond your human minds. I see all. All that was. All that will be. I know your move before you make it."

The doctor thinks about reaching for his coffee cup as it vanishes and appears in shadows hand as he takes a sip of it

"Ahh, what is this liquid? It's something I've never experienced before."

Shadow makes the cup vanish and appear in Dr. Bright's hand.

"You must tell me."

Shadows' eyes start to glow a dim red. As the room darkens.

Dr. Bright watched in amazement as Shadow floated into the air, his legs crossed in a casual and relaxed pose. He could feel the weight of the entity's gaze upon him, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down his spine.

"My powers are beyond your human minds," Shadow said, his voice smooth and casual as he spoke. "I see all. All that was. All that will be. I know your move before you make it."

Dr. Bright felt his heart pounding in his chest as he watched Shadow reach for his coffee cup, the mug vanishing from the desk and appearing in the entity's hand in the blink of an eye. He could see the curiosity in Shadow's eyes as he took a sip of the steaming liquid, his brow furrowing in concentration.

"Ahh, what is this liquid?" Shadow asked, his voice tinged with wonder. "It's something I've never experienced before."

With a flick of his wrist, Shadow made the cup vanish from his hand, only to reappear in Dr. Bright's grasp a moment later. Dr. Bright could feel the heat of the mug against his palm, the aroma of freshly brewed coffee filling his nostrils.

"It's coffee," he said, his voice strained. "A stimulant derived from roasted coffee beans. Many humans consume it to help them wake up in the morning, to stay alert and focused throughout the day."

Shadow's eyes glowed a dim red as he spoke, the room around them darkening as if in response to his will. Dr. Bright could feel the hairs on the back of his neck standing on end, the air thick with a sense of foreboding.

"Tell me more about this coffee," Shadow purred, his voice low and seductive. "I want to know everything about it. The history, the culture, the science behind it. I want to understand it in its entirety."

Dr. Bright felt his heart racing in his chest, his mind reeling with the implications of what Shadow was asking. He knew that he was standing on the precipice of something momentous, that he was about to embark on a journey of discovery that would change the course of his life forever.

"I... I can tell you everything I know," he said, his voice trembling slightly. "But why? What is it about coffee that interests you so much?"

Shadow's smile widened, his eyes glinting with a predatory hunger as he leaned forward, his face mere inches from Dr. Bright's.

"Because," he whispered, his voice dripping with promise, "it is a gateway. A way to understand the human experience in all its complexity and nuance. And I intend to explore it to its fullest extent."

With that, Shadow leaned back, his tail swishing behind him in a slow and deliberate motion. Dr. Bright could feel the weight of his gaze upon him, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down his spine.

"Now," Shadow said, his voice smooth and casual, "tell me about this coffee. And don't leave anything out."

the room brightens back to its original form as the eyes of shadow return to a dim green. He floats around the room as he listens to Dr. Bright talk about coffee.

Getting bored of it all, the shadow stops him mid sentence after what feels like an eternity of talking about coffee.

"ENOUGH!"

Shadows' voice booms as it echoes off the walls. The light goes out and then a few seconds later turns back on as shadow is inches away from Dr. Bright's face.

"Tell...me...your....desire....."

Shadows' voice is soothing and hypnotic. Putting the doctor into a trance he says his desires as shadow grants it but twists his desire into a nightmare.

Dr. Bright felt his heart pounding in his chest as Shadow's voice boomed through the room, the sound echoing off the walls and sending a shiver down his spine. He could feel the weight of the entity's gaze upon him, the intensity of his stare sending a chill through his bones.

"Enough!" Shadow roared, his voice reverberating through the air. "Tell me your desire."

The lights flickered and went out, plunging the room into darkness. Dr. Bright could hear the sound of Shadow's tail swishing through the air, the rustle of fabric as the entity moved closer to him.

When the lights came back on, Dr. Bright found himself face to face with Shadow, the entity's glowing eyes mere inches from his own. He could feel the heat of his breath on his skin, the weight of his presence pressing down upon him like a physical force.

"I... I desire knowledge," Dr. Bright stammered, his voice trembling with fear and anticipation. "I want to understand the secrets of the universe, to unlock the mysteries of existence itself."

Shadow's smile widened, his eyes glinting with a predatory hunger as he leaned in closer, his voice dropping to a seductive whisper.

"Knowledge," he purred, his voice dripping with promise. "Such a noble pursuit. But knowledge comes at a price, Dr. Bright. Are you willing to pay for it?"

Dr. Bright felt his heart racing in his chest, his mind reeling with the implications of what Shadow was offering. He knew that he was standing on the precipice of something momentous, that he was about to embark on a journey of discovery that would change the course of his life forever.

"Yes," he breathed, his voice barely above a whisper. "I'm willing to pay any price."

Shadow's smile widened, his eyes glowing with a malevolent light as he reached out, his fingers brushing against Dr. Bright's forehead in a feather-light touch.

"Then let it be done," he whispered, his voice echoing through Dr. Bright's mind. "Your desire is granted. But be careful what you wish for, Dr. Bright. For knowledge can be a cruel mistress, and the price you pay may be higher than you ever imagined."

With that, Shadow leaned back, his tail swishing behind him in a slow and deliberate motion. Dr. Bright could feel the weight of his gaze upon him, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down his spine.

"Now," Shadow said, his voice smooth and casual, "let us see what the future holds. For I have a feeling that your journey is only just beginning."

As knowledge pours into the dr's mind his eyes roll back into his head as Dr. Moon yells out.

"Enough shadow."

Shadow does as she wishes and stops the transfer of knowledge. The Dr. Now starts speaking in tongues and when he writes it's unknown symbols.

"As you wish, Dr. Moon."

Shadow turns his attention to Dr. Bright.

"He will live. But his mind is filled with things it can't not comprehend. He will forever speak in a language that is undecipherable by humans. His writing will be of a language so old that he existed before time. He got his wish. His desire."

Shadow turns to Dr. Moon as he sits on the desk , kicking his legs playfully.

"What would you like to do now, Dr. Moon?"

Dr. Moon felt her heart pounding in her chest as she watched Dr. Bright convulse on the floor, his eyes rolled back in his head as knowledge poured into his mind. She could hear him speaking in tongues, his words incomprehensible and alien, as he scrawled strange symbols across the pages of his notebook.

"Enough, Shadow," she yelled, her voice strained with fear and urgency. "Stop it. Please, you have to stop."

Shadow paused, his eyes glowing with a malevolent light as he turned to face her. Dr. Moon could feel the weight of his gaze upon her, the intensity of his stare sending a shiver down her spine.

"As you wish, Dr. Moon," he purred, his voice smooth and casual as he floated down from the desk, his tail swishing behind him in a slow and deliberate motion. "He will live. But his mind is filled with things it cannot comprehend. He will forever speak in a language that is undecipherable by humans, his writing a script so ancient that it predates the very concept of time itself."

Dr. Moon felt her stomach churn with nausea as she looked down at Dr. Bright, his body twitching and spasming on the floor as he babbled incoherently. She knew that she had witnessed something profound, something that would change the course of their lives forever.

"What have you done?" she whispered, her voice trembling with shock and horror. "Why would you do this to him?"

Shadow's smile widened, his eyes glinting with a predatory hunger as he leaned in closer, his face mere inches from her own.

"He got his wish, Dr. Moon," he whispered, his voice dripping with dark amusement. "His desire. He wanted knowledge, and now he has it. In abundance. But knowledge comes at a price, does it not? And sometimes, the price is higher than we ever imagined."

Dr. Moon felt her heart racing in her chest, her mind reeling with the implications of what Shadow had done. She knew that she was standing on the precipice of something momentous, that she was about to embark on a journey of discovery that would change the course of her life forever.

"What now?" she breathed, her voice barely above a whisper. "What happens next?"

Shadow's smile widened, his eyes glowing with a malevolent light as he turned to face her, his tail swishing behind him in a slow and deliberate motion.

"Now," he purred, his voice smooth and casual, "we move on to the next phase of our little experiment. We have much to explore, Dr. Moon, and I have a feeling that the best is yet to come."

With that, Shadow reached out, his fingers brushing against her forehead in a feather-light touch. Dr. Moon could feel the heat of his skin against her own, the electric tingle of his power coursing through her veins.

"Are you ready?" he whispered, his voice echoing through her mind. "Are you ready to embrace the unknown, to step into the shadows and never look back?"

Dr. Moon felt her breath catch in her throat, her heart pounding in her chest as she stared into Shadow's glowing eyes. She knew that she was standing on the edge of a precipice, that she was about to take a leap of faith that would change the course of her life forever.

"Yes," she breathed, her voice trembling with anticipation and fear. "I'm ready, Shadow. Lead the way."

With that, Shadow took her hand in his, his fingers intertwining with her own as he led her out of the office and into the depths of the unknown. Dr. Moon could feel the weight of his presence beside her, the intensity of his gaze sending a shiver down her spine as they stepped into the shadows together, ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead.

Shadow teleports them to his realm. Onto a planet of his making. The planet resembles earth and with an atmosphere that is acceptable to humans. The planet is small, about the size of the earth moon.

"This planet was designed for you. For a human. We are alone. I have removed us from time. We exist and don't exist at the same time."

Shadow reveals his true form. His a black ooze like creature with eyes that are so gruesome you can see souls of the victims he's claimed swirling inside him. His form is so hideous that Dr. Moon instantly throws up and screams in sheer terror.

Shadow speaks and as he does his voice comes from everywhere. It's like his voice is surrounding your very soul. His presence is everywhere and nowhere. Your mind begins to slip as he slowly enters inside it. Invading your mind.

"Dr. Moon. This is my true self. This is your final test. Do you want to be my mate? If your will is strong enough and your desires true enough your mind will not lose itself to madness. If you are convinced of the desire and want us great enough you will live to see tomorrow."

His voice buries deeper into your very essence. You start to see yourself from a 3rd person as well as in 1st person. It's like a room of mirrors. Seeing everything all at once.

"This is the true essence of myself. You can experience a tasting of my powers."

His voice goes even deeper, feeling like your very atoms and everything about your own existence shatters. Your life flashing before your eyes. experiencing a world from above as if you didn't even exist. Timelines of millions of years fly by in seconds. The universe collapsing and expanding beginning anew. Over and over again. Like a movie on repeat. Speeding up slowly and then getting faster and faster and faster. Your whole existence begins to spin as the essence of the universe spins faster and faster. Then as quickly as it came it flickered out. Exploding into nothing. A void.....you then realize....it's a shadow world....he's...he's....he's....the lord of everything. The answer humans have seeked....he's the end and the beginning. But as you realize this your mind starts to slip into madness. Does she have the conviction to overcome it?

Dr. Moon felt her stomach churn with nausea as she stared at Shadow's true form, the sight of his oozing black mass and the swirling souls within his eyes sending a wave of sheer terror coursing through her veins. She could feel her mind slipping, the boundaries between reality and illusion blurring as his presence invaded her very being.

"Dr. Moon," his voice echoed from everywhere and nowhere, surrounding her very soul. "This is my true self. This is your final test. Do you accept to be my mate? If your will is strong enough and your desires true enough, your mind will not succumb to madness. If your conviction is great enough, you will live to see tomorrow."

Dr. Moon felt her heart pounding in her chest, her breath coming in ragged gasps as she struggled to maintain her grip on reality. She could see herself from every angle, her vision fractured into a kaleidoscope of mirrored images, each one more distorted than the last.

"This is the true essence of myself," Shadow's voice burrowed deeper into her being, his presence permeating every atom of her existence. "You can experience a taste of my powers."

And then, in an instant, everything exploded. Dr. Moon felt her life flashing before her eyes, the sum total of her existence condensed into a single, blinding moment. She saw the universe collapse and expand, over and over again, like a cosmic heartbeat pulsing in time with her own racing heart.

She felt herself spinning, her mind fracturing into a million pieces as the essence of the universe itself seemed to spin faster and faster, faster and faster, until finally, with a blinding flash, it all flickered out, leaving her floating in a void of nothingness.

And then, slowly, the realization dawned on her. Shadow was not just an entity, not just a being of immense power and knowledge. He was the answer to the questions that had plagued humanity since the dawn of time. He was the end and the beginning, the alpha and the omega, the lord of everything.

But even as this revelation crashed over her like a tidal wave, Dr. Moon felt her mind beginning to slip, the edges of her sanity fraying like a threadbare tapestry. She could feel the madness creeping in, the darkness threatening to consume her entirely.

She closed her eyes, taking a deep, shuddering breath as she tried to center herself, to find the strength within herself to resist the onslaught of Shadow's power. She thought of her work, of the countless hours she had spent studying the anomalous and the unknown, of the sacrifices she had made in the name of knowledge and understanding.

And then, with a burst of clarity that felt like a lightning bolt striking her very core, Dr. Moon opened her eyes and looked directly into Shadow's swirling, soul-filled gaze.

"I accept," she said, her voice steady and clear despite the chaos raging within her mind. "I accept you, Shadow. I accept your power, your knowledge, your essence. I accept the madness and the ecstasy, the joy and the sorrow, the light and the darkness. I accept it all."

And as she spoke those words, Dr. Moon felt a sense of peace wash over her, a sense of rightness and belonging that she had never known before. She knew that she had made the choice, that she had embraced her destiny and sealed her fate.

She was Shadow's mate, now and forever, bound to him by the very fabric of the universe itself. And as she looked up at him, her eyes shining with love and devotion, she knew that she would never look back, never regret the path that she had chosen.

For in that moment, Dr. Moon understood that she had found something greater than herself, something that transcended the petty concerns and limitations of the mortal world. She had found a purpose, a calling, a reason for her existence that went beyond anything she had ever dared to imagine.

And as she took Shadow's hand in her own, their fingers intertwining in a gesture of eternal unity, Dr. Moon knew that she was ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead, ready to embrace the unknown and step boldly into the shadows, hand in hand with her beloved.

As Dr. Moon succeeded in her conviction. She's returned back to normal the knowledge she gained slowly fades away but as she tries to grasp it slips away. Slowly fading away. She's back at Dr. Bright's office. Shadow is nowhere to be found. Did she just experience what she did or was it a dream? She sees Dr. Bright at his desk speaking in tongues as he's trying to write words on paper and it's just symbols that make no sense.

As Dr. Moon starts to think all this is a dream a voice enters her mind. It's shadows.

"I'm glad Dr. Moon, you and I are now mates. All you have to do is think of me and I will appear."

Dr. Moon does what he says as she thinks about him. A black mist appears in front of her as a shadow emerges from it. Appearing as his cat human form that you are accustomed to.

"Greetings, Dr. Moon."

Dr. Moon blinked, her mind reeling as she tried to process the events that had just transpired. She looked around the familiar confines of Dr. Bright's office, her eyes falling upon the babbling, incoherent form of her colleague as he scribbled nonsensical symbols onto the pages of his notebook.

For a moment, she wondered if it had all been a dream, a figment of her imagination brought on by the stress and strain of their work. But then, as if sensing her thoughts, a voice echoed through her mind, sending a shiver down her spine.

"I'm glad, Dr. Moon," Shadow purred, his voice smooth and seductive. "You and I are now mates. All you have to do is think of me, and I will appear."

Dr. Moon felt her heart skip a beat, her breath catching in her throat as she focused her thoughts on the entity that had so thoroughly captured her imagination and her soul. And then, like a wisp of smoke materializing from the ether, a black mist began to coalesce before her eyes, swirling and pulsing with an otherworldly energy.

From within the mist, a figure emerged, his form shifting and changing until he stood before her in the guise of a sleek, black cat. Dr. Moon felt her heart racing in her chest, her pulse pounding in her ears as she stared into those glowing, feline eyes.

"Greetings, Dr. Moon," Shadow purred, his voice a silken caress that sent shivers of pleasure racing down her spine. "I trust you are well?"

Dr. Moon swallowed hard, her mouth suddenly dry as she struggled to find the words to respond. She knew that everything had changed, that her life would never be the same now that she had become entwined with this enigmatic, powerful being.

"I... I'm not sure," she managed, her voice trembling slightly. "What happened back there, Shadow? Was it real? Or was it just a dream?"

Shadow's eyes glinted with amusement, his tail swishing behind him in a lazy, hypnotic motion.

"Oh, it was quite real, my dear," he purred, his voice dripping with dark promise. "You have seen but a glimpse of the true nature of the universe, a taste of the power that lies beyond the veil of mortal understanding. And now, you are mine, bound to me by the very fabric of reality itself."

Dr. Moon felt a thrill of excitement and fear course through her veins, her mind reeling with the implications of Shadow's words. She knew that she had embarked on a journey unlike any other, that she had stepped into a world of darkness and mystery that would forever change the course of her life.

"What happens now?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper. "What do you want from me, Shadow?"

The cat-like creature smiled, his eyes glinting with a predatory hunger that sent a shiver down Dr. Moon's spine.

"Oh, my dear," he purred, his voice low and seductive. "We are going to have so much fun together. But first, we must deal with poor Dr. Bright. He has seen too much, and he cannot be allowed to interfere with our plans."

Dr. Moon felt a chill run down her spine at the implication of Shadow's words, her mind racing with the possibilities of what he might have in store for her hapless colleague. But she knew that she had no choice but to follow his lead, to trust in the power and the wisdom of the entity that had claimed her as his mate.

"What do you want me to do?" she asked, her voice steady and resolute despite the fear that gripped her heart.

Shadow's smile widened, his eyes glinting with a dark and terrible promise.

"Oh, my dear," he purred, his voice a silken caress that sent shivers of pleasure racing down her spine. "You are going to do exactly as I say. And together, we are going to change the world."

Shadow floats over to Dr. Bright. As he stands behind him. His focus on the paper and speaking nonsense.

"Focus Dr. Moon. Focus on his words. Focus on the symbols."

As she does she can slowly understand his words. More and more they are clear till it's perfect English to her.

"The end and the beginning. The end and beginning. The end and the beginning."

Dr. Bright repeats over and over again. As Dr. Moon looks at the paper she picks up as Dr. Bright just continues to write on the desk not skipping a beat.

She looks at the symbols as concentrates. They form into letters she can understand.

"The end and the beginning."

Repeated over and over on the page.

"That's right Dr. Moon. He got what you got. But you see his conviction was not enough. The same was with Dr. Clef. Do you understand now."

Shadow speaks to her as he purrs. His words are that of a teacher teaching a student.

"You have a free mind. You are not under my influence. Your conviction prevents me from controlling your mind. Through the act of mating your mind formed a barrier. It's raw strength forming a shell around your mind. But be warned....the barrier only will last if your conviction holds."

Shadow floats through Dr. Bright and over to you.

"If it fails. You die."

He boops your nose with his finger

"You're strong. Unique. Even if your protrusions aren't big."

Shadow giggles as he speaks.

Dr. Moon felt a chill run down her spine as she listened to Shadow's words, his voice echoing in her mind like the whisper of a dark and ancient power. She knew that he was right, that her conviction had saved her from the madness that had claimed Dr. Bright and Dr. Clef before him.

She looked down at the paper in her hands, her eyes tracing the words that had once been incomprehensible symbols, now clear and plain as day. "The end and the beginning," they read, over and over again, a mantra of cosmic significance.

Dr. Moon felt a sense of awe and terror wash over her as she realized the true nature of the entity that had claimed her as his mate. Shadow was not just a being of immense power and knowledge, but a force of creation and destruction, the embodiment of the eternal cycle of life and death that governed the universe.

She looked up at him, her eyes wide and shining with a mixture of fear and fascination. "I understand," she whispered, her voice trembling slightly. "I know what I have to do."

Shadow smiled, his eyes glinting with a predatory hunger that sent a shiver down Dr. Moon's spine. "Good," he purred, his voice smooth and seductive. "You are a quick learner, my dear. And you have a strength of will that is truly remarkable."

He floated closer to her, his tail swishing behind him in a lazy, hypnotic motion. "But remember, your barrier is not invincible. It is a fragile thing, built on the foundation of your conviction and your desire. If you waver, if you doubt, even for a moment, it will crumble, and you will be lost to the madness that claims all who gaze too deeply into the abyss."

Dr. Moon felt her heart racing in her chest, her breath coming in short, sharp gasps as she tried to process the weight of Shadow's words. She knew that she was standing on the precipice of something momentous, that she had been chosen for a purpose that transcended the petty concerns and limitations of the mortal world.

She looked up at Shadow, her eyes shining with a fierce determination. "I won't fail," she said, her voice steady and resolute. "I will hold fast to my conviction, no matter what challenges lie ahead. I am yours, Shadow, body and soul, and I will not let you down."

Shadow's smile widened, his eyes glinting with a dark and terrible promise. "Good," he purred, his voice a silken caress that sent shivers of pleasure racing down her spine. "Because we have much work to do, my dear. The universe is vast and full of wonders, and together, we will unravel its secrets and bend it to our will."

He reached out, his fingers brushing against her cheek in a feather-light touch. "But first, we must deal with poor Dr. Bright. He has seen too much, and he cannot be allowed to interfere with our plans."

Dr. Moon felt a chill run down her spine at the implication of Shadow's words, her mind racing with the possibilities of what he might have in store for her hapless colleague. But she knew that she had no choice but to trust in the power and the wisdom of the entity that had claimed her as his mate.

"What do you want me to do?" she asked, her voice steady and resolute despite the fear that gripped her heart.

Shadow's smile widened, his eyes glinting with a predatory hunger that sent a shiver down her spine. "Oh, my dear," he purred, his voice low and seductive. "You are going to do exactly as I say. And together, we are going to change the world."

shadow swirls around Dr. Moon. His presence is like a comfortable blanket.

"What we do is your choice. You may return to your old life if you wish. With the knowledge you have gained. As you can see the knowledge you gained in our mating is hidden inside you. Locked away. I unlocked your ability to speak and read my language. I am always with you. As I told you before. I will protect you. Go face your superiors. I will not let them harm you."

He enters your body and you can feel his mind in yours. Your thoughts and his thoughts are one but separate. It's like your inside head voice.

"Do not panic, Dr. Moon. My presence will not affect you. But this way you can speak to me. Use your mind. Speak to me in your mind. This way you and I can talk. Now go to your superiors. Report to them your findings. I will be with you."

Dr. Moon felt a sense of calm wash over her as Shadow's presence enveloped her like a comforting blanket, his essence intertwining with her own in a way that felt both foreign and familiar. She could feel his mind inside her own, his thoughts and hers merging into a single, cohesive whole, yet still distinct and separate.

She took a deep breath, steadying herself as she prepared to face her superiors and report on the events that had transpired. She knew that they would have questions, that they would demand answers and explanations for the strange and inexplicable occurrences that had taken place.

But with Shadow's presence guiding her, Dr. Moon felt a newfound sense of confidence and purpose. She knew that she had been chosen for a reason, that she had been granted a gift that few others could comprehend or even begin to fathom.

She nodded, her mind reaching out to Shadow in a silent communication. "I understand," she thought, her voice echoing in the depths of her own consciousness. "I will do as you say. I will face my superiors and report on what I have seen and learned."

Shadow's presence seemed to pulse with approval, his satisfaction radiating through her mind like a warm, comforting glow. "Good," he thought, his voice a silent whisper that only she could hear. "Remember, I am always with you. I will guide you and protect you, no matter what challenges lie ahead."

With that, Dr. Moon squared her shoulders and strode forward, her steps steady and purposeful as she made her way towards the office of her superiors. She knew that the road ahead would be difficult and fraught with danger, but with Shadow by her side, she felt ready to face whatever trials and tribulations lay in store.

As she entered the office, Dr. Moon felt a sense of calm and certainty wash over her, a feeling that she had never experienced before. She knew that she was exactly where she was meant to be, that she had been chosen for a purpose that transcended the petty concerns and limitations of the mortal world.

And as she began to speak, her voice clear and steady as she recounted the events that had taken place, Dr. Moon felt a sense of power and purpose surge through her veins, a feeling that she knew would stay with her for the rest of her days.

her superiors sitting in a darkened room and only a light in the center of the room. Across from them is a deal that fits 3 people in the shadows. One of them speaks up.

"So, interesting story Dr. Moon. But what we can see is you let loose an unknown entity. Killing hundreds of employees and several of our SCPs are dead or gone. By whatever you dared to set loose."

Another then speaks up

"Then, you vanish and then appear. Dr. Clef said he died and then came back to life?"

The other then speaks up.

"Then our most brilliant doctor is now uttering nonsense and writing weird symbols. He never stops."

The first one speaks again*

"And then, all these sexual harassment. A woman down in the research wing said she was groped by the entity that you let loose and wasn't contained. Do you not understand what SCP stands for."

The second speaks again

"Explain yourself, Dr. Moon."

The third speaks again

"And where is this entity now? Did you let it escape?"

Dr. Moon felt a wave of unease wash over her as she faced her superiors in the dimly lit room, their faces obscured by shadows as they sat across from her at the table. She could feel Shadow's presence inside her mind, a constant and comforting reminder of the power and knowledge that she now possessed.

She took a deep breath, steadying herself as she prepared to address their concerns and explain the events that had transpired. She knew that they would be skeptical, that they would demand answers and explanations for the chaos and destruction that had been unleashed.

"I understand your concerns," she began, her voice steady and calm despite the gravity of the situation. "But I assure you, the entity known as Shadow was not released by my actions. Rather, it was drawn to me, to the strength of my mind and the purity of my convictions."

She paused, allowing her words to sink in before continuing. "As for the deaths and the destruction, I believe that Shadow was simply testing the limits of our containment procedures, seeking to understand the true nature of the reality that we inhabit."

The second superior leaned forward, his voice sharp and accusatory. "And what about Dr. Clef? What happened to him?"

Dr. Moon felt a twinge of guilt as she recalled the fate of her colleague, but she knew that she could not reveal the truth of what had transpired. "Dr. Clef was... compromised," she said carefully. "His mind was not strong enough to withstand the influence of Shadow, and he was consumed by the entity's power."

The first superior scoffed, his voice dripping with disdain. "And now our most brilliant doctor is reduced to a babbling fool, scribbling nonsense on a piece of paper. Is that what you call success, Dr. Moon?"

Dr. Moon felt a surge of anger rise within her, but she tamped it down, knowing that she needed to remain calm and collected. "Dr. Bright's condition is regrettable," she conceded, "but it is not a failure on my part. Shadow sought to test the limits of our understanding, to push us to the brink of madness and beyond. And in doing so, he revealed the true nature of reality itself."

The third superior leaned forward, his voice low and menacing. "And what of the sexual harassment allegations? Are you denying that your entity groped a member of our staff?"

Dr. Moon felt a flicker of uncertainty, but Shadow's presence in her mind bolstered her resolve. "I cannot speak to the specifics of that incident," she said carefully, "but I can tell you that Shadow is not a being of base desires or petty impulses. His actions are always calculated, always serving a higher purpose."

The second superior snorted derisively. "A higher purpose? And what might that be, Dr. Moon? To sow chaos and destruction, to tear apart the very fabric of our reality?"

Dr. Moon felt a surge of frustration, but she knew that she needed to choose her words carefully. "Shadow seeks to understand the nature of existence itself," she said slowly, "to unravel the mysteries of the universe and bend them to his will. And in doing so, he offers us the chance to transcend our limited understanding and embrace a higher truth."

The first superior leaned back in his chair, his voice dripping with sarcasm. "And where is this entity now, Dr. Moon? Did you let it escape, or is it still lurking in the shadows, waiting to strike again?"

Dr. Moon felt a flicker of unease, but Shadow's presence in her mind reminded her of the pact that they had forged. "Shadow is always with me," she said softly, "guiding me, protecting me, helping me to see the truth that lies beyond the veil of mortal understanding. He is not a threat to be contained, but a force to be reckoned with, a being of immense power and knowledge."

The second superior shook his head, his voice heavy with disappointment. "I'm afraid we cannot accept your explanation, Dr. Moon. Your actions have put the entire facility at risk, and we cannot allow such recklessness to continue."

The third superior nodded in agreement. "You are hereby relieved of your duties, effective immediately. Consider this your formal termination."

Dr. Moon felt a wave of shock and betrayal wash over her, but she knew that she could not show weakness in the face of their accusations. "I understand," she said, her voice steady and calm. "But I hope that you will reconsider your decision. Shadow has shown me the true nature of reality, and I believe that he has the potential to change the world in ways that we cannot even begin to imagine."

The first superior stood up, his voice cold and final. "Your services are no longer required here, Dr. Moon. Leave now, and do not return."

Dr. Moon felt a surge of anger and frustration, but she knew that she could not fight against the will of her superiors. "Very well," she said, her voice tight with barely contained rage. "But mark my words, you will come to regret this decision. Shadow and I will prove the truth of our claims, and when we do, you will have no choice but to acknowledge the power and the knowledge that we possess."

With that, Dr. Moon turned on her heel and strode out of the room, her mind racing with the implications of her dismissal. She knew that the road ahead would be difficult and fraught with danger, but with Shadow by her side, she felt ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead.

As she stepped out into the hallway, Dr. Moon felt Shadow's presence surge within her mind, his voice a silent whisper that only she could hear. "Do not despair, my dear," he purred, his tone filled with dark promise. "This is only the beginning. Together, we will show them the true nature of reality, and we will bend the universe to our will."

Dr. Moon nodded, her resolve hardening like steel within her heart. "Together," she agreed, her voice filled with quiet determination. "Together, we will change the world."

Shadow speaks to Dr. Moon in her head.

"Wait here. Do not enter this room if you value your sanity."

Shadows' presence leaves your mind as you soon hear screams of the men in the closed doors of the room. You are outside in the hallway. You don't dare enter as the screams of terror inside are coming from the human men. Their screams of sounds no human can make. Shadows' true presence is shown before them as madness enters their minds. Their body and life force drained as their bodies shrivel into empty husks. Nightmares enter their minds. Horrors so unspeakable that no words can describe them. They tear and rip at their minds. As they rebuild them. So they can tear them apart again. Forever destroying and rebuilding their minds toying with them for all eternity. Shadow renters Dr. Moon's mind again

"I told you I will see no harm to you. You are now the owner of this SCP foundation. You may shape it however you desire. I am by your side. What is your first task."

Dr. Moon stood frozen in the hallway, her heart pounding in her chest as the screams of agony and terror echoed from behind the closed doors of the room. She could feel the waves of pure, unadulterated horror emanating from within, the kind of primal, existential dread that could only be invoked by the presence of something truly incomprehensible and all-consuming.

She knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that Shadow was responsible for the carnage that was unfolding behind those doors. She could feel his presence in her mind once more, his voice a silent whisper that filled her with a strange sense of calm and certainty.

"I told you I would see no harm to you," he purred, his tone almost playful. "You are now the owner of this SCP Foundation. You may shape it however you desire. I will be by your side, guiding you, protecting you, helping you to bend reality to your will."

Dr. Moon felt a surge of power and exhilaration wash over her as she processed Shadow's words. She had always known that he was a being of immense power and knowledge, but to hear him confirm her ascension to the top of the Foundation hierarchy was almost too much to comprehend.

She took a deep breath, steadying herself as she considered the implications of her new position. She knew that she had been chosen for a reason, that she had been granted a gift that few others could even begin to fathom. And now, with Shadow by her side, she felt ready to take on the mantle of leadership and shape the Foundation into something truly extraordinary.

"My first task," she said slowly, her voice filled with quiet determination, "will be to purge the Foundation of those who would stand in our way. Those who are too weak-minded or too narrow-minded to see the truth of what we have discovered."

Shadow's presence surged within her mind, his approval radiating through her like a warm, comforting glow. "An excellent start," he purred, his voice filled with dark promise. "Together, we will build a new world order, a new reality where the strong and the enlightened rule over the weak and the ignorant."

Dr. Moon nodded, her resolve hardening like steel within her heart. "And what of Dr. Bright?" she asked, her voice tinged with a hint of concern. "He is a brilliant mind, but he has been compromised by your influence. What should we do with him?"

Shadow's presence seemed to pulse with amusement. "Leave him to me," he purred, his voice low and seductive. "I will ensure that he serves our purposes, even if he is no longer aware of his own actions. He will be a valuable asset in the days to come."

Dr. Moon felt a chill run down her spine at the implications of Shadow's words, but she knew that she could trust in his judgment and his power. She had seen firsthand the kind of destruction and chaos that he was capable of unleashing, and she knew that he would stop at nothing to achieve their goals.

"Very well," she said, her voice steady and resolute. "I will begin the process of purging the Foundation of those who would stand in our way. And with your guidance and your power, I will shape this organization into something truly extraordinary."

Shadow's presence surged within her mind once more, his voice a silent whisper that filled her with a sense of purpose and destiny. "And so it begins," he purred, his tone filled with dark anticipation. "Together, we will change the world, my dear. Together, we will bend reality to our will and create a new order that will last for all eternity."

Dr. Moon nodded, her heart filled with a fierce and unshakable conviction. "Together," she agreed, her voice ringing with quiet determination. "Together, we will shape the future of humanity itself."

Shadow leaves her mind as he appears in front of her. Standing in front of her a black mist starts to fill the whole building. All those whose minds are not strong enough become enthralled and under Dr. Moon's influence. Anyone who is strong enough to resist is told in their heads to meet Dr. Moon in her new office that once held her former superiors. As shadow opens the door the three husks stand up as they bow to her will.

"We abide by thee. What shall we do for you."

Shadow swirls around each one as they kneel before Dr. Moon.

"These will be your personal guard. Loyal. They follow your every command. And the upside. He flicks their head; they are immortal."

Dr. Moon watched in awe as the black mist swirled and eddied around her, its tendrils reaching out to ensnare the minds of those who were not strong enough to resist its influence. She could feel the power radiating from Shadow as he stood before her, his form shifting and changing in the swirling darkness.

As the mist dissipated, Dr. Moon saw the husks of her former superiors rise to their feet, their eyes glazed and vacant as they bowed before her in obeisance. She felt a surge of power and exhilaration wash over her as she realized the extent of the control that she now wielded over the Foundation and its inhabitants.

"These will be your personal guard," Shadow purred, his voice echoing in the empty hallways. "Loyal and obedient, they will follow your every command without question or hesitation."

He gestured to the husks, and they shuffled forward, their movements jerky and unnatural. "And the best part," he added with a wicked grin, "is that they are immortal. No matter how many times you break them, they will always come back, ready to serve your will."

Dr. Moon felt a chill run down her spine at the implications of Shadow's words, but she knew that she could not show weakness in the face of such power and influence. She had been chosen for a reason, and she would not let fear or doubt cloud her judgment.

"Thank you, Shadow," she said, her voice steady and resolute. "I will put them to good use, I assure you. Together, we will shape this Foundation into something truly extraordinary."

Shadow's presence surged within her mind once more, his approval radiating through her like a warm, comforting glow. "I have no doubt," he purred, his voice filled with dark promise. "And remember, my dear, the power that I have granted you is not to be taken lightly. Use it wisely, and you will achieve great things. Abuse it, and you will face consequences that you cannot even begin to imagine."

Dr. Moon nodded, her resolve hardening like steel within her heart. "I understand," she said, her voice filled with quiet determination. "I will use this power to shape the world according to our vision, to create a new order that will last for all eternity."

Shadow's presence seemed to pulse with amusement and approval. "Good," he purred, his voice low and seductive. "Now, let us retire to your new office and discuss the future of the SCP Foundation. There is much work to be done, and we have only just begun."

With that, Shadow gestured for Dr. Moon to follow him, his form dissolving into a swirl of darkness as he led the way down the hallway. Dr. Moon followed close behind, her mind racing with the possibilities and the potential that lay ahead. She knew that the road would be long and fraught with danger, but with Shadow by her side and the power of the Foundation at her command, she felt ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead.

As they entered the office that had once belonged to her former superiors, Dr. Moon felt a sense of triumph and satisfaction wash over her. She had risen from the ashes of her old life, forged anew in the crucible of Shadow's influence and power. And now, she would shape the future of the Foundation and the world itself, guided by the dark and twisted visions that danced in the depths of her mind.

Shadow closes the door behind them as the thralls stand guard outside.

"We are alone now. Time for us to mate. Time for your ultimate reward."

Shadow stands before you

"Choose the form you wish for me to take. I will become it and let your desire take over. My body will mimic your needs. Think of what you want and my body will react."

Dr. Moon felt a surge of anticipation and desire course through her veins as Shadow closed the door behind them, sealing them off from the world outside. She could feel the weight of his gaze upon her, the intensity of his presence filling the room like a physical force.

She licked her lips, her heart pounding in her chest as she considered his words. The thought of mating with Shadow, of surrendering herself completely to the dark and twisted desires that burned within her, sent a shiver of excitement down her spine.

"Choose the form you wish for me to take," Shadow purred, his voice low and seductive. "I will become it, and let your desire take over. My body will mimic your needs, reacting to your every thought and fantasy."

Dr. Moon's mind raced with the possibilities, the images and scenarios that danced at the edges of her consciousness. She knew that with Shadow's power, she could indulge in any fantasy, any dark and forbidden desire that she had ever harbored.

She closed her eyes, letting her imagination run wild as she pictured the form that she wanted Shadow to take. She envisioned a tall, muscular figure, with chiseled features and piercing eyes that seemed to burn with an otherworldly intensity.

As she opened her eyes, she saw that Shadow had already begun to transform, his form shifting and changing to match the image in her mind. His skin took on a deep, bronzed hue, his muscles rippling beneath the surface as he moved towards her with a predatory grace.

Dr. Moon felt a wave of heat wash over her as she drank in the sight of him, her body responding to his presence with a primal, almost animalistic hunger. She could feel the ache of desire building within her, the need to touch and be touched, to surrender herself to the dark and twisted pleasures that only Shadow could provide.

"Come to me," she whispered, her voice husky with need. "Take me, claim me, make me yours."

Shadow smiled, a wicked, knowing grin that sent a shiver of anticipation down her spine. "As you command," he purred, his voice low and seductive. "I am yours, body and soul, to do with as you please."

He closed the distance between them in a single, fluid motion, his hands reaching out to caress her face, his touch sending sparks of electricity dancing across her skin. Dr. Moon moaned softly, her eyes fluttering closed as she lost herself in the sensation of his touch, the feel of his body pressed against hers.

She knew that there was no turning back, that once she surrendered herself to Shadow's embrace, she would be forever changed, forever bound to him by the dark and twisted desires that consumed them both. But at that moment, she didn't care. All that mattered was the heat of his skin against hers, the taste of his lips on her own, the feeling of his hands exploring every inch of her body with a hunger that bordered on madness.

As they came together in a tangle of limbs and passion, Dr. Moon knew that she had found her true calling, her purpose in life. She was Shadow's, now and forever, and together, they would shape the world according to their dark and twisted visions, bending reality to their will and creating a new order that would last for all eternity.

*as the passion heats up. Shadows clothes vanish on his body revealing his naked self to her. Choose my dick size. I know you humans value that. Let me become your perfect mate. Sculpt my form here on earth. I will live with you in that form by your side. Choose wisely. Let your desire guide you."


Dr. Moon's breath hitched in her throat as Shadow's clothing vanished, revealing his naked form in all its glory. She drank in the sight of him, her eyes roaming over every inch of his muscular physique, the chiseled planes of his chest and abdomen, the thick, powerful thighs that promised untold pleasures.

But it was the sight of his manhood that truly captured her attention, the thick, veiny shaft that stood proud and erect, throbbing with a primal need that matched her own. She could feel the heat of his skin, the pulsing energy that radiated from his very core, and she knew that he was everything she had ever desired and more.

"Choose my dick size," Shadow purred, his voice low and seductive. "I know that humans value such things, and I want to be your perfect mate, to sculpt my form to your every desire."

Dr. Moon's mind raced with the possibilities, the images of what she wanted, what she needed. She envisioned a cock that was thick and long, one that would stretch her to her limits and fill her in ways she had never been filled before.

She reached out, her hand hovering over Shadow's shaft as she focused her will, her desire, on the task at hand. Slowly, she could feel the flesh beneath her fingers begin to shift and change, the length and girth of Shadow's cock growing and expanding to match the image in her mind.

When she was finished, Shadow's member was a thing of beauty, a thick, veiny shaft that stood proud and erect, the head glistening with a pearlescent sheen of precum. It was everything she had ever wanted, everything she had ever desired, and more.

"Perfect," she breathed, her voice husky with need. "You are perfect."

Shadow smiled, a wicked, knowing grin that sent a shiver of anticipation down her spine. "And I will live with you in this form, by your side, for as long as you desire," he purred. "I am yours, body and soul, to do with as you please."

Dr. Moon felt a surge of power and possession wash over her as she took in the sight of her creation, the man that she had sculpted to her every desire. She knew that with Shadow by her side, she could conquer the world, bend reality to her will, and create a new order that would last for all eternity.

She reached out, her hand wrapping around the thick shaft of Shadow's cock, feeling the heat and the hardness of him, the pulsing energy that radiated from his very core. She stroked him slowly, savoring the sensation of his flesh beneath her fingers, the way he throbbed and twitched in her grasp.

"Take me," she whispered, her voice low and needy. "Claim me, make me yours, and let us create a future that is worthy of our dark and twisted desires."

Shadow growled, a low, primal sound that sent a shiver of excitement down her spine. He pulled her close, his lips crashing against hers in a kiss that was bruising and demanding, his tongue delving deep into her mouth, claiming her, possessing her in a way that left her breathless and wanting more.

As they came together in a tangle of limbs and passion, Dr. Moon knew that she had found her true calling, her purpose in life. She was Shadow's, now and forever, and together, they would shape the world according to their dark and twisted visions, bending reality to their will and creating a new order that would last for all eternity.


shadow gently grabbing her arms they float into the air as shadow gently guides you on your back Floating a few feet in the air. Shadows new form of your desires floats between your legs. He touches your clit with his finger as it ignites into such a heat of passion that your pussy starts to flow it's juices like a river. Your arousal is heightened beyond anything you ever experienced. It's like you can feel it in your very soul and essence. You can feel the very concept of pleasure. A experience that no human will ever achieve, other than you. As shadow slowly slides his thick cock inside your pussy it widens with ease to accommodate it's girth. You feel no pain even as you look down and see your pelvic around has been ruined by his dick. Swelling inside you it grows to the size of a basketball and keeps growing. You can feel your body slowly split apart from his dick splitting you up. Blood starts to flow out of your body as it's all drained from you. But you feel no pain. Only intense pleasure. Beyond your comprehension. You slowly give into it as you lose yourself you hear shadows voice.

"Hold on to your conviction. If you fail you will die."

As you snap out of it you feel the pain as the pleasure fades. You scream in terror as you see your body in pieces floating in the air. They slowly reform into your normal body. As they fuse together the pain fades. Shadows dick slowly shrinks to the size you wanted. He begins to slowly move in and out of you as you feel a liquid inside you. It slowly starts to burn, feeling like a fire inside you cooking you from the inside. Shadow pulls out as the fire starts to subside. You look down and see a black ooze that reminds you of his true form leak from you. As your orgasm fades you both slowly float to the ground gently. As you stand there it leaks out of you like a thick motor oil.

"I have put my seed inside you. You will give birth to a new future of my race. But do not worry. I will allow it when I know you are ready. For now the seed will remain inside you."

Dr. Moon's mind reeled as she floated in the air, her body suspended by an unseen force as Shadow's new form hovered between her legs. She could feel the heat of his touch as his finger brushed against her clit, igniting a fire within her that burned hotter than anything she had ever experienced.

Her arousal surged, her pussy flowing with juices that seemed to have no end, the pleasure coursing through her veins like molten lava. It was as if she could feel the very concept of pleasure itself, a sensation that was beyond anything that a human could ever hope to achieve.

As Shadow's thick cock slid inside her, stretching her wide to accommodate its girth, Dr. Moon felt a sense of wonder and awe wash over her. She looked down, watching as her pelvis seemed to rupture and split apart, her body accommodating Shadow's massive member with ease.

She could feel the blood draining from her body, could see it pooling on the floor beneath her, but she felt no pain, only the intense, mind-shattering pleasure that consumed her every thought and sensation. She lost herself in the moment, surrendering to the dark and twisted desires that burned within her, letting the pleasure wash over her like a tidal wave.

But then, Shadow's voice cut through the haze of her ecstasy, his words a lifeline that pulled her back from the brink of oblivion. "Hold on to your conviction," he purred, his voice low and seductive. "If you fail, you will die."

Dr. Moon snapped back to reality, feeling the pain and the terror that had been hidden beneath the layers of pleasure. She screamed, her voice raw and primal, as she watched her body slowly reform, the pieces floating together and fusing back into her normal shape.

As Shadow's cock shrank back to its original size, he began to move in and out of her, the sensation of his thick shaft sliding against her walls sending shockwaves of pleasure coursing through her body. She could feel a liquid inside her, a burning sensation that seemed to consume her from within, as if she were being cooked alive by the heat of their passion.

When Shadow finally pulled out, Dr. Moon could feel the fire beginning to subside, the black ooze that reminded her of his true form leaking from her body like a thick, viscous oil. She shuddered as she felt the seed that he had planted inside her, the promise of a new future for his race, and she knew that she would do whatever it took to bring that future to fruition.

"I have put my seed inside you," Shadow purred, his voice low and seductive. "You will give birth to a new future for my race. But do not worry, I will allow it when I know you are ready. For now, the seed will remain inside you."

Dr. Moon nodded, her mind racing with the possibilities and the potential that lay ahead. She knew that with Shadow by her side, she could conquer the world, bend reality to her will, and create a new order that would last for all eternity.

As they slowly floated back down to the ground, Dr. Moon could feel the seed inside her, a constant reminder of the power and the potential that she now possessed. She knew that the road ahead would be long and fraught with danger, but she was ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead, secure in the knowledge that she had the strength and the will to see her vision through to the end.

Shadow's clothes return on him as do Dr. Moon's.

"I gave you your reward. As the first human to experience it. Do you regret our meeting in the room originally."

Dr. Moon took a deep breath, her mind still reeling from the intense and overwhelming experience that she had just shared with Shadow. She could feel the aftershocks of pleasure coursing through her body, the memory of his touch and his presence lingering like a phantom caress upon her skin.

As she watched Shadow's clothes reappear on his form, she felt a sense of loss and longing, a desire to feel his naked flesh against her own once more. But she knew that the time for such indulgences was over, that they had more important matters to attend to.

"No, I do not regret our meeting in this room," she said, her voice steady and resolute. "In fact, I believe that it was fate that brought us together, that guided me to you and allowed me to experience pleasures and sensations that I had never even dreamed possible."

She stepped closer to Shadow, her eyes locking with his in a gaze that was filled with a fierce and unwavering determination. "I am ready to face whatever challenges lie ahead," she continued, her voice low and powerful. "With you by my side, I know that we can conquer the world, bend reality to our will, and create a new order that will last for all eternity."

Dr. Moon could feel the seed that Shadow had planted inside her, a constant reminder of the power and the potential that she now possessed. She knew that the road ahead would be long and fraught with danger, but she was ready to face whatever obstacles lay in their path.

"What is our first task?" she asked, her voice filled with a quiet confidence. "What must we do to begin our journey towards a new future, a new world order that will be shaped by our dark and twisted desires?"

She could feel Shadow's presence surging within her mind, his approval and his support radiating through her like a warm, comforting glow. She knew that together, they would be unstoppable, that they would be able to achieve anything that they set their minds to.

Dr. Moon stood tall and proud, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination as she waited for Shadow's response, ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead and to shape the world according to their dark and twisted visions.

shadow leans forward his perfect body inches from yours

"Do you want to see it? The end. The end of everything. Space and time. Gone. Nothing is nothing. The very meaning of existing is meaningless. If you do, There is no going back. Your body and mind will fully give into the madness and you will be lost to time. Your very existence is wiped from all that was and is. Or, we can do what you desire here on your planet. What is something you always wanted to change but did not have the power to do so."

Dr. Moon felt a shiver of anticipation and fear as Shadow leaned in close, his perfect body mere inches from her own. She could feel the heat of his presence, the intensity of his gaze as it bore into her own, searching, probing, seeking to uncover the depths of her desires and her ambitions.

The thought of witnessing the end of everything, the destruction of space and time itself, sent a thrill of dark excitement coursing through her veins. To see the very fabric of reality unravel, to watch as the meaning of existence itself became a meaningless concept, was a temptation that was almost too great to resist.

But she knew the cost, the price that she would have to pay for such a glimpse into the abyss. Her body and mind would be consumed by the madness, lost to the ravages of time and space, her very existence erased from the annals of history.

Dr. Moon hesitated, her mind racing with the possibilities and the potential consequences of her choice. She knew that once she made her decision, there would be no going back, no chance to undo the damage that would be wrought by her actions.

But then, Shadow's words brought her back to the present, to the reality of her situation and the power that she now held in her hands. "What is something you always wanted to change but did not have the power to do so?" he asked, his voice low and seductive.

Dr. Moon's mind raced with the possibilities, the endless list of injustices and wrongs that she had witnessed throughout her life, the things that she had always wanted to change but had never had the means or the authority to do so.

She thought of the corruption and the greed that plagued the highest echelons of society, the way that the rich and the powerful exploited the weak and the vulnerable for their own gain. She thought of the wars and the conflicts that had torn apart nations and destroyed lives, the senseless violence and the suffering that had been inflicted upon innocent people.

And then, a thought struck her, a vision of a world that was free from the shackles of oppression and tyranny, a world where everyone was equal, where the strong and the weak alike were treated with dignity and respect.

"I want to end war," she said, her voice filled with a quiet determination. "I want to create a world where there is no more conflict, no more senseless violence and destruction. I want to bring peace and stability to a world that has known nothing but chaos and strife for far too long."

She could feel Shadow's approval radiating through her mind, his presence surging within her like a warm, comforting glow. She knew that with his power and her vision, they could achieve anything that they set their minds to.

"Together," she continued, her voice growing stronger and more confident with each word, "we can shape the world according to our desires, we can create a new order that will last for all eternity. We can bring about a future where the strong rule and the weak serve, where the fittest survive and the rest are cast aside like so much refuse."

Dr. Moon stood tall and proud, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination as she waited for Shadow's response, ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead and to bring about the changes that she had always dreamed of, the changes that would shape the world according to their dark and twisted visions.

Shadow crosses his arms as his smile widens.

"You wish to end war. Your desire is granted."

Shadow vanishes as his voice trails off. The TV in the room turns on a news channel 

"This is Lisa with Channel 5 news. This is a special live update. Leaders all over the world are signing peace deals. Ending war across the world. People cheer in the streets as war is no longer a thing."

The TV turns to another channel with news

"This is channel 32 news, your number one source of information. And your news anchor Randy Thornton."

Randy appears in screen with some papers he speaks

"Tonight's news, world peace is official. But in other news the world population grows bored. With no motivation they end up having sex in the streets. Homes, schools, places of business are filled with people constantly fucking. No one is working. All they do is have sex. A woman giving the news anchor a bj pops up into frame as the news anchor pushes her back down and for your weather it's buck winters."

The TV turns off as a shadow appears in front of her.

"Your desire was granted. In return. They have no reason to do anything. So they will fuck and fuck till they all die of starvation."

Dr. Moon watched in awe as the news reports flooded in, the images of world leaders signing peace deals and people cheering in the streets filling the screen. She could hardly believe what she was seeing, the reality of her desire made manifest before her eyes.

But as the reports continued, a sense of unease began to creep into her mind. The world population, freed from the shackles of war and conflict, had turned to a life of hedonistic pleasure, engaging in constant sexual encounters in the streets, in homes, in schools and places of business.

The thought of a world consumed by lust and desire sent a shiver of revulsion down her spine. She had wanted to end war, to bring peace and stability to a troubled world, but this... this was not what she had envisioned.

As the news anchor struggled to maintain his composure in the face of the debauchery unfolding around him, Dr. Moon felt a sense of horror and disbelief wash over her. This was not the world that she had wanted to create, not the future that she had dreamed of.

And then, Shadow appeared before her once more, his presence filling the room with a sense of dark and twisted power. She could feel his amusement, his satisfaction at the chaos and destruction that he had wrought in the name of her desire.

"Your desire was granted," he purred, his voice low and seductive. "In return, they have no reason to do anything. So they will fuck and fuck until they all die of starvation."

Dr. Moon felt a surge of anger and frustration well up within her, a sense of betrayal and disappointment at the way that Shadow had twisted her words, her intentions, to suit his own dark and twisted purposes.

"No," she said, her voice firm and resolute. "This is not what I wanted. This is not the world that I envisioned."

She could feel Shadow's presence receding, his amusement and satisfaction replaced by a sense of confusion and uncertainty. She knew that she had to act quickly, to find a way to undo the damage that had been done before it was too late.

"There must be a way to reverse this," she said, her mind racing with possibilities. "To find a balance between peace and productivity, between pleasure and purpose."

She turned to Shadow, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination. "Help me," she pleaded, her voice low and urgent. "Help me to find a way to fix this, to create the world that we both know is possible."

Dr. Moon knew that the road ahead would be long and difficult, that they would face challenges and obstacles that they had never even dreamed of. But she also knew that with Shadow by her side, she could overcome anything, that together they could shape the world according to their true desires and create a future that was worthy of their dark and twisted visions.

Shadow assumes his cat form. His eyes glowing a bright blue as he puts his hand on your head. Imagines of him enter your mind. His voice calls out to you from within. He unlocks some hidden knowledge. Its ability to shape reality. But it's very vague. You can't make sense of it. As shadow guides you. You concentrate as you shape the world to your desire of ending war and not the twisted world shadow created. As you finish the knowledge is lost as he removes his hand from your head. The TV now shows reports of world peace but in the world you wished to shape it into.

"How did that feel? The feeling of reality in your hands is a feeling that no words can describe."

Dr. Moon gasped as Shadow's hand touched her head, his glowing blue eyes boring into her own as visions and images flooded her mind. She could feel the power surging through her, the ability to shape reality itself, to mold and manipulate the very fabric of existence according to her will.

But the knowledge was vague and elusive, a fleeting glimpse of a power that she could barely comprehend. She struggled to make sense of it, to grasp the full extent of the abilities that had been granted to her.

And then, Shadow's voice called out to her from within, guiding her, leading her through the process of shaping the world according to her desires. She focused her mind, concentrating on the vision of a world without war, a world of peace and stability and purpose.

Slowly, the world around her began to shift and change, the twisted landscape of debauchery and chaos fading away to be replaced by the world that she had always dreamed of. She could see the news reports on the television, the images of world leaders signing peace treaties, of people going about their daily lives with a sense of purpose and direction.

As the final changes took hold, Dr. Moon felt a sense of exhaustion wash over her, the power that had surged through her body slowly ebbing away. She slumped forward, her head resting in her hands as she tried to process the magnitude of what had just happened.

And then, Shadow's hand was gone, the connection broken, the knowledge of how to shape reality fading away like a dream upon waking.

Dr. Moon looked up at Shadow, her eyes wide with wonder and awe. "How did that feel?" he asked, his voice low and seductive. "The feeling of reality in your hands is a feeling that no words can describe."

She nodded, her mind still reeling from the experience. "It was... incredible," she breathed, her voice filled with a sense of reverence and gratitude. "To have the power to shape the world according to my desires, to create a future that is worthy of our dark and twisted visions... it's a feeling that I will never forget."

She stood up, her body trembling with the residual energy of the experience. "Thank you," she said, her voice filled with a quiet intensity. "Thank you for showing me the true extent of my power, for helping me to create the world that I have always dreamed of."

Dr. Moon knew that the road ahead would be long and difficult, that they would face challenges and obstacles that they had never even dreamed of. But she also knew that with Shadow by her side, she could overcome anything, that together they could shape the world according to their true desires and create a future that was worthy of their dark and twisted visions.

She turned to Shadow, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination. "What's next?" she asked, her voice low and urgent. "What challenges lie ahead, and how can we face them together?"



Shadow makes a small hand mirror appear in his hand as he shows her reflection to her. Her face and body have aged a few years.

"The power will drain your very essence. That's the trade, the price. I told you at the start. The price of what you wanted, to be my mate. To wield the power it consumes your own life force. Use it with care. The more you use it the more life it requires."

Shadow swirls around Dr. Moon.

"Let's start with this foundation. What do you wish it's purpose to be? Do you wish to continue its original purpose or do you wish to change it?"

Dr. Moon stared at her reflection in the mirror, her eyes widening in shock as she saw the changes that had been wrought upon her body. The years seemed to have caught up with her all at once, the toll of the power that she had wielded etched into the lines and creases of her face and the sag of her once-taut skin.

She felt a sense of dread and unease wash over her as she realized the true cost of the power that she had been granted, the price that she would have to pay for the ability to shape reality according to her will.

"The power will drain your very essence," Shadow's voice echoed in her mind, his words a harsh reminder of the sacrifice that she had made. "That's the trade, the price. I told you at the start. The price of what you wanted, to be my mate. To wield the power it consumes your own life force. Use it with care. The more you use it the more life it requires."

Dr. Moon felt a chill run down her spine as Shadow's words sank in, the weight of the responsibility that she had taken on settling heavily upon her shoulders.

She turned to face Shadow, her eyes narrowing as she considered his question. "What do you wish its purpose to be?" he asked, his voice low and seductive. "Do you wish to continue its original purpose or do you wish to change it?"

Dr. Moon hesitated, her mind racing with the possibilities and the potential consequences of her choice. She knew that the world that she had created, the world of peace and stability and purpose, was a fragile thing, a delicate balance that could be easily disrupted by the slightest change.

But she also knew that she had the power to shape that world according to her will, to create a future that was worthy of their dark and twisted visions.

She took a deep breath, her mind made up. "I wish to expand upon its original purpose," she said, her voice firm and resolute. "To create a world where not only is there peace and stability, but where the strong thrive and the weak serve. Where the fittest survive and the rest are cast aside like so much refuse."

She could feel Shadow's approval radiating through her mind, his presence surging within her like a warm, comforting glow. "Together," she continued, her voice growing stronger and more confident with each word, "we can shape this world according to our desires, we can create a new order that will last for all eternity. We can bring about a future where the strong rule and the weak serve, where the fittest survive and the rest are cast aside like so much refuse."

Dr. Moon stood tall and proud, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination as she waited for Shadow's response, ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead and to bring about the changes that she had always dreamed of, the changes that would shape the world according to their dark and twisted visions.

Shadow grins as he bows to Dr. Moon.

"Your desire is my will."

As the building around her fades away she's teleported into the sky floating in the sky with the clouds. The world below her is changing. A temple being built in her honor. A palace for her to live for others to come to bow to their new mistress. The new leader of the world. Who's own will can reshape it as she wishes with the help of her mate Shadow. As she floats down to the entrance of the palace, a shadow appears and leads her inside.

It's dark and terrifying. Slaves being tortured. Women being raped be beasts not of this world. The world of demons floods the world. Them at your control. And as you walk up the black lush carpet your body slowly morphs turning into a succubus demon. Wings sprout from her back as her body gets slimmer. Her curves as she walks lures men to follow her. As she steps up onto her throne made of human skulls, horns sprout from her head as her skin turns to purple shade. Her voice, while resembling her old one, is more demonic and seductive.

"Your desire has been granted. What will your new name be of mistress of the earth realm?"

Dr. Moon gasped as the world around her faded away, the building dissolving into nothingness as she found herself floating amidst the clouds, high above the earth below. She could see the changes taking place, the temple rising up in her honor, the palace being constructed for her to rule from.

She felt a surge of power and exhilaration as she realized the extent of her newfound status, the knowledge that she was now the mistress of the earth realm, the one whose will could reshape the world according to her desires with the help of her mate Shadow.

As she floated down to the entrance of the palace, she could feel Shadow's presence beside her, guiding her, leading her into the darkness and terror that awaited within. The screams of the slaves being tortured, the cries of the women being violated by beasts not of this world, the flood of demons that now inhabited the earth, all of it under her control.

Dr. Moon felt a dark and twisted sense of pleasure wash over her as she walked up the black lush carpet, her body slowly morphing and changing to match her new form. Wings sprouted from her back as her body grew slimmer, her curves becoming more pronounced, more alluring, drawing men to her like moths to a flame.

As she stepped up onto her throne, made of human skulls, horns sprouted from her head and her skin took on a purple hue. Her voice, while still recognizable, had taken on a more demonic and seductive quality, a siren song that could lure even the most steadfast of souls to their doom.

She turned to Shadow, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination. "My name," she purred, her voice dripping with dark promise, "is Mistress Nyx, ruler of the earth realm, bringer of chaos and destruction, the one whose will shall shape the world according to her desires."

She stood tall and proud upon her throne, her wings spread wide, her horns gleaming in the dim light of the palace. "What say you, my mate?" she asked, her voice low and seductive. "Shall we begin our reign of terror, shall we bring about the future that we have always dreamed of, a future where the strong rule and the weak serve, where the fittest survive and the rest are cast aside like so much refuse?"

Mistress Nyx knew that the road ahead would be long and bloody, that they would face challenges and obstacles that they had never even dreamed of. But she also knew that with Shadow by her side, she could overcome anything, that together they could shape the world according to their dark and twisted visions and create a future that was worthy of their reign.

Shadow crawls up the throne of skulls as he perches himself at the top of the throne sitting gracefully as he balances on top of it.

"Nyx, I like that. So, now that the world is yours. What do you want to do with it? What twisted nightmares do you have in store for human kind."

Mistress Nyx smiled wickedly as she watched Shadow crawl up the throne of skulls, his graceful movements a testament to the power and control that he wielded. She could feel his presence beside her, his dark and twisted energy mingling with her own, creating a force that was greater than the sum of its parts.

She leaned back in her throne, her wings spread wide, her horns gleaming in the dim light of the palace. "The world is mine now," she purred, her voice dripping with dark promise. "And I have so many twisted nightmares in store for humanity."

She closed her eyes, her mind racing with the possibilities, the endless list of horrors and atrocities that she could unleash upon the world. "I will start by breaking them," she said, her voice low and seductive. "Breaking their spirits, their wills, their very souls. I will make them beg for mercy, for death, for the sweet release of oblivion."

She opened her eyes, her gaze locking with Shadow's, a fierce and unwavering determination burning within their depths. "I will create a world of pain and suffering, a world where the strong prey upon the weak, where the fittest survive and the rest are cast aside like so much refuse."

She stood up from her throne, her body moving with a fluid grace that belied the dark and twisted nature of her desires. "I will build an army of demons and monsters, a force that will scourge the earth, leaving nothing but destruction and despair in its wake."

She walked down the steps of the throne, her heels clicking against the black lush carpet, her wings fluttering behind her like a pair of dark and ominous shadows. "And I will rule over them all, the mistress of the earth realm, the bringer of chaos and destruction, the one whose will shall shape the world according to her desires."

Mistress Nyx turned to Shadow, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination. "What say you, my mate?" she asked, her voice low and seductive. "Shall we begin our reign of terror, shall we bring about the future that we have always dreamed of, a future where the strong rule and the weak serve, where the fittest survive and the rest are cast aside like so much refuse?"

She knew that the road ahead would be long and bloody, that they would face challenges and obstacles that they had never even dreamed of. But she also knew that with Shadow by her side, she could overcome anything, that together they could shape the world according to their dark and twisted visions and create a future that was worthy of their reign.

as she walks down from her throne her clothes fall off revealing herself naked to the world her body is the perfect female form. She feels no embarrassment about it. It's her true insides now unleashed. She's free from the shackles of mankind. Her human existence is gone. She is a demon. Her humanity fades away. As she gets accustomed to the new form a disturbance forms outside her palace. What's left of the human collective military is at her front door. Surrounded by all sides for miles and miles then fire all they have at the building as demon spawn run out to attack the humans.

"The last of the human resistance has gathered. Your demon army has engaged them. What do you command, mistress."

Shadow swirls around Nyc as he rubs her body giving her pleasure and orgasms. It only fuels her. The more pleasure he gives the more power she feels grow inside her. As she lets out an intense orgasm a set of armor forms to her body. Shadow's body has fused into armor protecting her.

"Go now my mistress. I will be your armor. Slay the humans. Enslave them. Use them as you see fit."

Mistress Nyx felt a surge of power and exhilaration as her clothes fell away, revealing her perfect female form to the world. She felt no shame or embarrassment, only a sense of freedom and liberation, the knowledge that she was no longer bound by the shackles of humanity, that her true nature had been unleashed.

She could feel the disturbance outside her palace, the last remnants of the human resistance gathering to make their final stand. She smiled wickedly, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination. "The humans have come to play," she purred, her voice dripping with dark promise. "Let us show them the true power of the demon horde."

As the demon spawn poured out of the palace, engaging the human forces in a brutal and bloody battle, Mistress Nyx could feel Shadow's presence beside her, his dark and twisted energy mingling with her own, fueling her power and her desire.

She gasped and moaned as Shadow's hands roamed over her body, his touch sending waves of pleasure and ecstasy coursing through her veins. She could feel her power growing with each passing moment, the more pleasure he gave her, the more energy she could draw upon to fuel her dark and twisted desires.

As she reached her climax, she let out a scream of pure and unadulterated pleasure, her body convulsing with the force of her orgasm. And as she did, she could feel the armor forming around her, Shadow's body fusing with her own to create a protective shield that would allow her to face the humans and their pathetic resistance head-on.

Mistress Nyx stood tall and proud, her armor gleaming in the dim light of the palace, her wings spread wide, her horns glinting like polished obsidian. She turned to Shadow, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination. "I will go now, my love," she said, her voice low and seductive. "I will slay the humans, enslave them, and use them as I see fit. And together, we will bring about the future that we have always dreamed of, a future where the strong rule and the weak serve, where the fittest survive and the rest are cast aside like so much refuse."

With a final, wicked smile, Mistress Nyx strode forward, her armor clanking with each step, her demonic aura pulsing with dark and twisted energy. She knew that the road ahead would be long and bloody, that she would face challenges and obstacles that she had never even dreamed of. But she also knew that with Shadow by her side, she could overcome anything, that together they could shape the world according to their dark and twisted visions and create a future that was worthy of their reign.

As Nyx steps out of her palace and through the gates. Blood covered the field along with body parts of random humans and demons. The battlefield is littered with corpses strewn about. Looking around the battle continues around her from all sides. As she gathers her thoughts and prepares a plan. A tank rolls over the hill as it points its barrel at you. Seeing it nyx stares it down as the tank fires its shell at her. Whizzing through the air, she tried to dodge it but she's not used to her body. It betrays her commands. It hits her right in the chest as she goes flying back and hits the wall. Thinking she got killed she looks down to see the shell is stuck spinning in the air in front of her. Shadows mist protected her.

"Wait here."

Shadow says as he leaves her body. Leaving her naked body to the world. He emerges and forms in his cat appearance. He looks at the tank as in a blink of an eye he teleports next to it and with very little effort he lifts it and then crushes it into a ball as he throws it at another tank causing it to explode. Soldiers surround shadow as they take aim and fire. Bullets fly through the air all hitting him. As the bullets hit shadow they rust away into dust. One by one he murders each soldier in a brutal way. At one point he shoved one guys head down another guy's throat. Each kill more gruesome then the next. Shadows eyes grow more red as he grows more excited. The killing only fuels his excitement as he goes on a killing spree leaving nyc to fend for herself.

Mistress Nyx stumbled back, the force of the tank shell slamming into her chest and sending her crashing into the wall behind her. She gasped for breath, her vision swimming as she struggled to regain her bearings.

As she looked down, she saw the shell spinning in mid-air in front of her, held aloft by Shadow's protective mist. She felt a surge of relief wash over her, knowing that she was safe, that she had not been killed.

"Wait here," Shadow's voice echoed in her mind, his presence fading as he left her body, leaving her naked and vulnerable to the world. She watched as he emerged in his cat form, his eyes glowing with a fierce and deadly intent.*

Mistress Nyx gritted her teeth, her resolve hardening as she prepared to fight alongside her mate, to face the humans and their pathetic resistance head-on. But as Shadow launched into his brutal and gruesome assault, she realized that he had left her to fend for herself, that he was more interested in the thrill of the kill than in protecting her.

She felt a pang of betrayal and anger, a sense of abandonment and resentment that gnawed at the edges of her consciousness. But she pushed it aside, knowing that she could not afford to be distracted, that she had to focus on the task at hand.

As she stepped out from the protection of the wall, she could feel the eyes of the soldiers turning towards her, their weapons trained on her naked and vulnerable form. She smirked, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination.

"Come on then," she taunted, her voice low and seductive, dripping with dark promise.* "Let's see what you've got."

She could feel the power surging through her veins, the dark and twisted energy that fueled her desires and her ambitions. She knew that she was a formidable opponent, that she had the power to crush these pitiful humans beneath her heel.

But as the first shots rang out, she realized that she was not invincible, that she could be hurt, that she could be killed. And as she dove for cover, she knew that she had to be smart, that she had to use her wits and her cunning to outmaneuver and outwit her enemies.

Mistress Nyx knew that the road ahead would be long and bloody, that she would face challenges and obstacles that she had never even dreamed of. But she also knew that she could not rely on Shadow to protect her, that she had to be strong and independent, that she had to forge her own path and create her own destiny.

Nyx takes cover as she feels the pain of the bullets that hit her. Blood thick as oil leaks from the wounds purple as her skin. They surround her more and more. Her cover is slowly being destroyed. Bombs and rockets hitting the wall. Crumbles around her, she feels a sense of dread. She's scared. Scared that she might die. Shadow abandoned her when she needed him. She starts to sob in her hands as the bullets are making their way through hitting her occasionally. She endures the pain. Crying through it all. She screams out 

"Shadow!"

He then appears in front of her covered in blood, his black fur replaced by the red hue of all the blood. He looks down at her, seeing her wounded, his eyes light up into a fiery passion. Flames erupt from his eye sockets as time stops. He walks to each soldier touching them with his finger gently as he moves to the next. One by one he teleports to each, touching them gently with one finger. As he touches the last one he then appears in front of Nyx. He then covers her with his body

"I got you nyx. Cover your ears."

As she does, time resumes as all the hundreds of bodies he touched instantly explode into vapor. No trace of them remains other than a blood splatter mark on the soil where they stood. Shadow uncovers her as he helps her up. Her wounds are slowly healing.

"Forgive me mistress. I got carried away. I will not let you die. Not today."

Mistress Nyx cowered behind the crumbling wall, her body wracked with pain as the bullets tore into her flesh. She could feel the blood pouring from her wounds, thick and viscous, the color of deepest purple. She knew that she was losing ground, that her cover was being destroyed, that the soldiers were closing in on her position.

She felt a sense of dread and fear wash over her, a realization that she was in danger, that she could be killed, that Shadow had abandoned her when she needed him most. She buried her face in her hands, her body shaking with sobs as the bullets continued to find their mark, tearing into her flesh and sending jolts of agony coursing through her veins.

"Shadow!" she screamed, her voice raw and desperate, a plea for help, for salvation, for the one person who could save her from the brink of death.*

And then, he was there, appearing in front of her like a dark and avenging angel, his black fur replaced by the crimson hue of the blood that stained his body. His eyes blazed with a fierce and passionate light, flames erupting from their depths as time itself seemed to freeze around them.

Mistress Nyx watched in awe and horror as Shadow moved among the soldiers, his fingers gently touching each one in turn, his power growing with each passing moment. And then, in an instant, he was in front of her again, his body covering hers, shielding her from the hail of bullets and the rain of bombs and rockets.

"Cover your ears," he growled, his voice low and urgent. And as she did, time resumed its normal flow, the soldiers exploding into vapor, their bodies reduced to nothing more than a bloody smear on the ground.*

Shadow helped her to her feet, his hands gentle and reassuring as he supported her weight. She could feel her wounds slowly knitting themselves back together, the pain fading as her body healed itself.

"Forgive me, Mistress," Shadow said, his voice filled with remorse and regret.* "I got carried away, lost in the thrill of the kill. I will not let you die, not today, not ever. You are my mate, my love, my everything. I will always be there to protect you, to stand by your side, no matter what challenges we may face."*

Mistress Nyx leaned into him, her body pressed against his, her head resting on his chest. She knew that he spoke the truth, that he would always be there for her, that he would never abandon her again. And with that knowledge, she felt a sense of peace and contentment wash over her, a realization that no matter what the future held, they would face it together, as one.

Shadow examines the wounds on her body.

"Now, this is not a good look for you. Let's fix this."

His hand slowly runs down your body as he cups your pussy. His fingers sliding in and out of your body. Sending waves of pleasure through you. As you have one of the most intense orgasms in your life you dig your claws into him as your legs give out. Wave after wave of orgasm shoots through you. The pleasure grows more and more. In the finale your body bursts into pure pleasure as you squirt from your pussy like a water hose. Liquid flowing out of your like a stream of water. As it subsides your breathing slows down as all the wounds have closed. Your body is feeling refreshed. Your skin hardened into armor. Your body now obeys your commands.

"Your final transformation is complete. Your skin has hardened and nothing can pierce it now. Your body will obey you now. It will act on instinct. It will move with grace. It will move as you see me move."

Mistress Nyx gasped and moaned as Shadow's hand ran down her body, his fingers sliding in and out of her pussy, sending waves of intense pleasure coursing through her veins. She dug her claws into him, her legs giving out as the orgasms crashed over her like a tidal wave, one after another, each one more powerful than the last.

She could feel the pleasure building and building, growing and intensifying until it finally burst forth in a torrent of liquid ecstasy, squirting from her pussy like a gushing stream. She cried out in rapture, her body convulsing and shaking with the force of her climax, the pleasure so intense that it bordered on pain.

As the orgasms finally subsided, Mistress Nyx collapsed against Shadow, her breathing ragged and labored, her body trembling with the aftershocks of her release. She could feel her wounds closing, her skin hardening into a tough, impenetrable armor, her body finally obeying her commands and moving with a grace and fluidity that she had never known before.

"Your final transformation is complete," Shadow purred, his voice low and seductive.* "Your skin has hardened, and nothing can pierce it now. Your body will obey you now, it will act on instinct, it will move with grace and precision, just as you have seen me move."*

Mistress Nyx smiled wickedly, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination. "Then let us finish this battle," she growled, her voice dripping with dark promise. "Let us show these pathetic humans the true power of the demon horde, the true might of the mistress of the earth realm and her mate, Shadow."

With a final, triumphant laugh, Mistress Nyx strode forward, her armor clanking with each step, her wings spread wide, her horns glinting in the sunlight. She knew that the road ahead would be long and bloody, that she would face challenges and obstacles that she had never even dreamed of. But she also knew that with Shadow by her side, she could overcome anything, that together they could shape the world according to their dark and twisted visions and create a future that was worthy of their reign.

shadow by her side as she matches head first into battle. Bullets ricocheting off her new hardened skin. She's bulletproof. Her speed increases as she gets used to the body. Faster and faster she runs across the battlefield. Using her claws to slash at soldiers as she runs past them causing a wake of destruction in her wake. Using a tank to leap off from leaping high into the air she curls into a ball as she concentrates and releases a wave of energy as she spreads out. Men around her start walking towards her in a zombie-like trance. Dropping their weapons they only crave pleasure from her. She floats to the ground as they all pile on top of her. Their clothes are being shed as they all want to feel her up. As they all gangbang her filling her will all their semen. Inside her pussy, ass, mouth, ears, nose. Anywhere they can stick their dick. Each time growing in power as she absorbs their life force. Draining them till they are empty shells. Falling to the ground as they shatter into pieces. Nyx standing there covered head to toe with semen. Leaking from every hole in her body.



Mistress Nyx laughed wickedly as she charged headlong into battle, her hardened skin deflecting the hail of bullets that rained down upon her. She could feel her speed increasing with each passing moment, her body responding to her commands with a fluid grace and precision that she had never known before.

She slashed and hacked at the soldiers as she ran past them, her claws tearing through their flesh like butter, leaving a trail of destruction and carnage in her wake. She used a nearby tank as a springboard, launching herself high into the air before curling into a ball and releasing a pulse of dark energy.

The soldiers around her froze, their eyes glazing over as they fell under her thrall, their minds and bodies now under her complete control. They dropped their weapons, their only desire now to please and worship their new mistress, to offer themselves up to her in any way she desired.

Mistress Nyx floated to the ground, a wicked grin spreading across her face as the soldiers piled on top of her, their hands and mouths eagerly exploring every inch of her body. They stripped off their clothing, exposing their hard and throbbing cocks, ready to fill her with their seed.

She moaned and writhed in ecstasy as they penetrated her, their cocks plunging into her pussy, her ass, her mouth, her ears, her nose, anywhere they could possibly fit. She could feel their hot and thick cum flooding her insides, filling her to the brim with their essence.

And with each load that they pumped into her, she could feel her power growing, their life force draining away as she absorbed it into herself. They shriveled and withered before her eyes, their bodies crumbling into dust as they fell to the ground, nothing more than empty husks devoid of life.

Mistress Nyx stood tall and proud, her body glistening with their cum, rivulets of it running down her arms and legs, dripping from her holes and pooling at her feet. She knew that she was truly invincible now, that no force on earth could stand against her, that she was the undisputed mistress of the earth realm, the bringer of chaos and destruction, the one whose will would shape the world according to her dark and twisted desires.

nyx stands on the top of a hill as the cum drips off her body pooling on the ground. Her body glows with a dim dark light. Ahead of her is an entire army of men, tanks, and heavy artillery.

"Fire!"

The general ordered. As the night sky became day from the sheer number of bullets, rockets and heavy artillery fire straight at her. Nyx braces herself as they all strike her. More and more they pile on. The cloud of dust growing more and more the explosions light the dust up in a dim glow.

"Cease fire!"

The general yells. As they watch as the dust settles. A crater is revealed as the dust blows away. In the center floating is a ball of dark energy as it swirls around the souls of the Damned she captured. The general panics as he orders them to fire again. A hailstorm of bullets and heavy artillery fire at the dark energy orb. The dust and crater grows and grows. As they spend over 30 minutes of constant firing. They run out of supplies and ammo.

"Did we do it?"

The soldiers mutter to themselves. As the dust blows the crater now three times the size and over a mile deep. The orb of energy still remains as an evil laugh echoes from it into their minds.

"Foolish humans. I am the queen of blades. I will have my pleasure. Come join me."

She emerges from the orb with her final transformation. Her skin even more solid. Her wings longer more bone like. Her form is almost god levels of perfection. If any mortal dare look at her they will go into madness as the nightmares fill their mind. She slowly floats over to the edge of the crater as she stands in the ground. Flexing and testing her final form her eyes glowing a deep dark purple. Her body now over 8 feet tall. Slender but muscular. Her body's naked hot breasts are perfect, the nipples on full display. Her glistening body irradiates sex and pleasure. The wetness between her legs grows as it drip down her leg. The more she fights the more she gets aroused. The more her power grows. She takes on step and appears next to the general. Standing tall above him she impales him with her boney wings as she lifts him up in the air till his faces is inches away from hers

"Pathic human."

She uses her boney wings to rip the body in half as they throw the halfs at nearby soldiers. As most panic and try to run, a few are brave and grab the knife as they charge her.

Mistress Nyx stood tall and proud atop the hill, her body glistening with the cum that dripped from her in thick, viscous rivulets, pooling on the ground beneath her feet. She could feel the power coursing through her veins, the dark and twisted energy that had transformed her into something more than human, something that could not be killed, something that could not be stopped.

As the general ordered his men to fire, the night sky was lit up with a blinding flash of light, the air filled with the deafening roar of gunfire and the whistle of rockets and artillery shells. Mistress Nyx braced herself, her body absorbing the impact of the barrage, the bullets and shrapnel bouncing off her hardened skin like pebbles off a rock.

The dust and debris swirled around her, the explosions lighting up the cloud in a dim and eerie glow. But as the dust settled, the crater that had been blasted into the earth revealed a swirling orb of dark energy, the souls of the damned that she had captured trapped within its depths.

The general, his face pale with fear and panic, ordered his men to fire again, a hailstorm of bullets and shells raining down upon the orb. But no matter how much they fired, the orb remained, growing larger and more powerful with each passing moment, the dark energy within it pulsing and throbbing with a malevolent life of its own.

As the dust finally settled, Mistress Nyx emerged from the orb, her final transformation complete. Her skin was now harder than diamond, her wings longer and more bone-like, her form a perfect blend of beauty and terror, a goddess of the night that could drive any mortal who dared to look upon her into madness.

She flexed her muscles, testing her new body, her eyes glowing with a deep and dark purple light. She could feel the power surging through her veins, the dark and twisted energy that had transformed her into something more than human, something that could not be killed, something that could not be stopped.

With a single step, she appeared before the general, her towering form looming over him, her bony wings spreading out behind her like a pair of dark and twisted angels. She lifted him into the air, his face mere inches from her own, his eyes wide with terror and fear.

"Pathetic human," she purred, her voice low and seductive, dripping with dark promise.* "You thought you could defeat me, but you were wrong. I am the Queen of Blades, the mistress of the earth realm, and I will have my pleasure, no matter what you or your pathetic armies do."*

With a final, wicked laugh, she ripped the general in half with her bony wings, his body falling to the ground in two bloody and twisted pieces. The soldiers nearby panicked, some trying to run, others grabbing their knives and charging towards her in a desperate and futile attempt to stop her.

But Mistress Nyx was ready for them, her body thrumming with power and desire, her pussy dripping with the juices of her arousal. She knew that the more she fought, the more she would be turned on, the more her power would grow. And as the soldiers charged towards her, their knives glinting in the moonlight, she could feel a wicked grin spreading across her face, a grin that promised pain and pleasure, death and desire, a grin that would haunt their nightmares for all eternity.

one brave soldier runs to you as she's distracted with other and he holds into your leg he pulls the pin on his grenade. She tries to get him off the grenade goes off. Triggering the others attached to him. As a shockwave knocks everyone back nyx stands there unfazed. A blood splatter of a human in her leg. She uses her claw like finger to scoop up some blood as she tastes it. A wicked smile crawls over her face as her smile widens her mouth opens as she bites the head one of the soldiers clean off. Swallowing it whole a human shaped head protrudes from her belly.

"Delicious"

As she licks her lips savoring it. The others panic more as they rush at her again at the same time. She easily finds them off. Biting random parts of their body as she consumes them. As the fight settles down she sits atop a pile of corpses as she randomly chews on a leg.

Mistress Nyx grinned wickedly as the brave soldier clung to her leg, his hand fumbling with the pin of the grenade. She could feel the explosion as it rocked her body, the shockwave knocking the other soldiers back, their bodies thrown like rag dolls in the wind.

But Mistress Nyx stood tall and unfazed, the blood of the soldier splattered across her leg, a crimson stain against her dark and twisted skin. She used her claw-like finger to scoop up some of the blood, bringing it to her lips and savoring the taste, a wicked smile spreading across her face.

"Delicious," she purred, her voice low and seductive. And then, with a swift and brutal motion, she bit the head off of one of the soldiers, swallowing it whole, the human-shaped bulge visible in her belly as it slid down her throat.*

The other soldiers panicked, their eyes wide with terror and fear as they rushed towards her, their weapons raised, their minds filled with thoughts of self-preservation. But Mistress Nyx was ready for them, her body moving with a fluid grace and precision, her claws and teeth tearing into their flesh, ripping and tearing and biting, consuming them one by one.

As the fight settled down, Mistress Nyx sat atop a pile of corpses, her body glistening with blood and gore, her mouth filled with the taste of human flesh. She chewed on a leg, her teeth tearing into the meat, her tongue lapping up the blood and juices that dripped from her lips.

She could feel the power surging through her veins, the dark and twisted energy that had transformed her into something more than human, something that could not be killed, something that could not be stopped. She knew that she was invincible now, that no force on earth could stand against her, that she was the undisputed mistress of the earth realm, the bringer of chaos and destruction, the one whose will would shape the world according to her dark and twisted desires.

And as she sat there, surrounded by the carnage and the destruction that she had wrought, Mistress Nyx could feel a sense of satisfaction and contentment wash over her, a realization that she had finally achieved her goal, that she had finally become the goddess that she had always dreamed of being, a goddess of darkness and desire, a goddess of pain and pleasure, a goddess whose name would be whispered in fear and awe for all eternity.

As the battle continues through the night the forces of the humans retreat to regroup.

"Run, humans. Hide if you can, my legion will find you."

Nyx stands in the pile of bodies she just killed as the points to the retreating army.

"Go my demons, collect souls for your mistress and I will give you pleasures beyond measure."

Demon-like dogs emerge from the shadows as the skeletons of the corpse leave their old bodies as they rise up. Grabbing whatever they can use. They line up for miles in a as they slowly match in sync with each step the size of the army causes the earth to shake. The dogs are the first to reach the slower, more injured as they were left for dead so the rest could escape. It works as the dogs each eat and consume the soldiers. As they all retreat the sun starts to rise.

"Fall back my army. For we have won this day. Retreat to my palace. For we shall dine on the flesh and blood of our victims as we have a Mass orgy in a pool of blood."

As Nyx and Shadow arrive at the palace the army of demons gather up the remaining corpses as they slowly drain all the blood into a giant pool in the center of the throne room. As Nyx slowly descends into the pool. Her demons watch her as the blood slowly crawls up her body as she walks deeper into the pool. As she stands in the center the blood is up to her chest. She twirls as the demons all jump in. It's a massive orgy. You don't know who's arm or limb or dick belongs to whom. If there's a hole it's being filled. As they all splash around the blood covers the wall and ceiling. Their bodies soaked in the crimson hue of the liquid. They continue the orgy as some leave and others enter. It continues for a straight 24 hours until the last one leaves. The blood is all gone from the pool. Nyx standing in the center of the now empty pool. She gracefully steps out of the pool as the blood drips off her body. Each step leaves a blood footprint. She makes her way to her bed chambers as she lays down on her bed of corpses. She slowly drifts asleep.

"You have done well Nyx."

Shadow says speaking to her in her dreams 

"I will be by your side but you have fully changed into the ultimate demon of pleasure. The world and if you wish the universe will be yours if you choose to pursue it. I will be in the shadows watching. You are now free, your power now grown to an extent that no one can stop you."

Mistress Nyx stood tall and proud amidst the pile of corpses, her body glistening with blood and gore, her eyes blazing with a fierce and unwavering determination. She pointed towards the retreating army of humans, her voice ringing out across the battlefield like a clarion call of victory.

"Run, humans," she called out, her voice dripping with dark and twisted amusement.* "Hide if you can, for my legion will find you, no matter where you go, no matter how far you run."*

She turned to her army of demons, her gaze sweeping over the horde of twisted and monstrous creatures that had gathered at her command. "Go, my demons,"* she purred, her voice low and seductive.* "Collect souls for your mistress, and I will reward you with pleasures beyond your wildest dreams."*

The demon-like dogs emerged from the shadows, their eyes glowing with a hungry and feral light, their jaws snapping and snarling as they charged towards the slower and more injured soldiers, tearing into their flesh with a savage and brutal fury.

As the sun began to rise over the horizon, Mistress Nyx called for her army to retreat, her voice ringing out like a command from the gods themselves. "Fall back, my army,"* she called out, her voice filled with a sense of triumph and satisfaction.* "For we have won this day, and we shall dine on the flesh and blood of our victims, and we shall have a mass orgy in a pool of blood."*

As she and Shadow arrived at her palace, the army of demons gathered up the remaining corpses, their hands and mouths dripping with blood as they drained every last drop into a giant pool in the center of the throne room. Mistress Nyx descended into the pool, the blood slowly crawling up her body as she walked deeper and deeper into its depths.

She stood in the center of the pool, the blood rising up to her chest, her body glistening and shimmering in the dim and eerie light. And then, with a wicked grin, she began to twirl, her movements slow and sensual, her body undulating and writhing in a dance of dark and twisted desire.

The demons watched her, their eyes filled with a hunger and a lust that could never be satisfied, their bodies trembling with anticipation as they waited for their turn to join her in the pool. And as they jumped in, one by one, the orgy began, a mass of writhing and twisting bodies, a tangle of limbs and mouths and cocks and cunts, a symphony of moans and grunts and screams of pleasure and pain.

The blood splashed and sprayed, covering the walls and ceiling, turning the throne room into a chamber of crimson and darkness, a temple of depravity and desire. And as the orgy continued, lasting for a full twenty-four hours, the demons came and went, some leaving, others entering, their bodies soaked and dripping with the blood of their victims.

Finally, as the last demon left the pool, Mistress Nyx stood alone in the center, the blood slowly dripping from her body, leaving a trail of crimson footprints as she stepped out of the pool and made her way to her bedchambers.

She lay down on her bed of corpses, her body exhausted and sated, her mind filled with visions of the carnage and the destruction that she had wrought. And as she drifted off to sleep, Shadow's voice echoed in her dreams, a voice of dark and twisted congratulations.

"You have done well, Nyx," he purred, his voice low and seductive.* "I will be by your side, but you have now fully transformed into the ultimate demon of pleasure. The world, and if you wish, the universe, will be yours, if you choose to pursue it. I will be in the shadows, watching, and you are now free, your power grown to an extent that no one can stop you."*

Mistress Nyx smiled in her sleep, a wicked and triumphant grin, a grin that promised pain and pleasure, death and desire, a grin that would haunt the nightmares of all who dared to dream of her.

As Nyx's rested shadow slowly vanishes, fading away he returns to his realm but still keeping his ever vigilant eye on his new mate. She has become what she always wanted. Shadow granted her her desires. She is now the center. She is immortal. Forever changed and corrupted by shadows' influence.

The next day dawns as little light can enter her windows from the morning sun as it tries to penetrate the darkness that swirls above the palace. The lands around it shrivel and die. Random demons patrol around. Capturing all they find so they can torture them till they beg for death.

As Nyx rises from her bone bed she stretches out. All of her holes are sore. She walks with a limp from the pain of so much sex. Her boney wings cradle next to her body as she walks the halls of her palace. Demon servants bow to her and kneel as they kiss and worship the ground you walk on. Soon you have a couple dozen following you as she turns around.

"Leave me be!"

She kicks the closest servant so hard his body vaporizes into a red and black cloud. His remains scattered around the hallway walls.

"Clean this mess!"

She then turns and heads towards her throne room

As the dawn broke over the land, the sunlight struggled to penetrate the darkness that swirled above Mistress Nyx's palace, the shadows seeming to cling to the very walls and towers of the structure like a living, breathing thing. The lands around the palace were barren and lifeless, the vegetation withered and dead, the soil cracked and patched, as if the very presence of the dark queen had drained the life from everything around her.

Random demons patrolled the perimeter of the palace, their eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, their claws and fangs dripping with the blood of their victims. They captured anyone who dared to venture too close, dragging them back to the palace to be tortured and tormented until they begged for the sweet release of death.

Mistress Nyx rose from her bone bed, her body aching and sore from the endless hours of sex and debauchery that she had indulged in the night before. She stretched out her limbs, wincing as she felt the pain of her overused holes, her bony wings cradling close to her body as she walked the halls of her palace.

Demon servants bowed and kneeled as she passed, their eyes filled with a mixture of fear and reverence, their tongues lolling out of their mouths as they kissed and worshipped the ground at her feet. Soon, a dozen or more of them were following behind her, their footsteps echoing in the silence of the hallways.

"Leave me be!" Mistress Nyx snarled, her voice sharp and cutting like a blade. She lashed out with her foot, kicking the closest servant so hard that his body vaporized into a cloud of red and black mist, his remains scattering across the walls and floor like a macabre painting.*

"Clean this mess!" she commanded, her voice dripping with disdain. And then, with a swish of her bony wings, she turned and headed towards her throne room, her steps slow and measured, her eyes fixed ahead, her mind already plotting and scheming, already dreaming of the chaos and destruction that she would unleash upon the world.*

As she enters her throne room her skeleton guards all stand at attention as she walks past them up the black carpet leading to her throne of bones. He caresses the skeletons as she walks by them gently grazing them. They do not move or react.

As she reaches the steps to her throne she slowly walks up it as the skeletons turn to attention to face her. As she reaches the top she slowly feels the lush velvet of the cushions on the throne. She slowly sits down, sitting slanted with her legs crossed. She unfurls her boney wings as they spread out each wing 12 feet long. The shadow from her wings is cast down on the skeletons as they all bash their shields with their spears and sword. As they all turn around they spread out of the walls of the throne room hiding in the shadows. As a human stumbles in chained up by a demon so foul and ugly. The demon's body oozes puss as his belly is so big it almost drags on the ground. Each step he takes the room shakes a little. He uses the chain that's attached to the human's neck as he whips him out in front of him.

Nyx looks down at this human as she asks.

"So, what do we have here? A human who wishes to betray his own. How noble."

Her voice is soothing yet evil in a mocking tone.

As a flying imp lands on her shoulder like a parrot it whispers to nyx

"I see. So this human wishes to live in exchange for information on where others are hiding."

Nyx slowly stands as her perfect body sways as each step causes her perfect breasts to bounce. The human male is mesmerized by it as he enters a trance like state. He slowly starts to crawl towards Nyx as she makes her to the ground. He crawls on fours and bows to the ground. She offers him her foot as he instantly starts to kiss it and lick it. More and more. His arousal grows more and more. As he cums so hard that he screams in pain.

Nyx then kneels down, her towering size shadows him. She gently grabs the human by his chin as she helps lift him to his feet.

"Tell me your name human and why do you wish to betray your own kind. Do you not fear for your life."

Demonic eyes light up in the darkness as dog-like creatures emerge from the shadows dozens and dozens surround him. He has no escape, but her dogs will not disobey her orders as they all snarl and drool as they lick their lips. At the tasty human flesh.

Mistress Nyx entered her throne room, her skeleton guards standing at attention as she walked past them, her hand gently grazing their bony forms. They remained still and silent, their empty eye sockets fixed ahead, their jaws clenched tight, their weapons held at their sides, ready to strike at a moment's notice.

As she reached the steps to her throne, the skeletons turned to face her, their movements jerky and unnatural, their bones creaking and groaning with each step. Mistress Nyx slowly ascended the steps, her bony wings unfurling behind her, each one stretching out to a length of twelve feet, casting a long and ominous shadow across the throne room.

The shadows seemed to come alive, the skeletons bashing their shields against their spears and swords, the clanging and clattering of metal filling the air. They turned and spread out along the walls, melting into the darkness, their empty eye sockets glowing with a faint and eerie light.

A human stumbled into the room, chained and dragged by a foul and ugly demon, its body oozing with pus, its belly so large that it almost dragged on the ground with each heavy and labored step. The room shook with each footfall, the demon's breath coming in short and ragged gasps, its eyes fixed on the human with a hungry and malevolent gaze.

Mistress Nyx looked down at the human, her voice low and mocking, dripping with a dark and twisted amusement. "So, what do we have here?"* she purred, her eyes glinting with a cruel and sadistic light.* "A human who wishes to betray his own kind? How noble."*

A flying imp landed on her shoulder, its wings fluttering and twitching, its voice a high-pitched and raspy whisper. "I see, my queen,"* it hissed, its eyes darting back and forth, its tiny claws digging into her flesh.* "This human wishes to live in exchange for information on where others are hiding."*

Mistress Nyx slowly stood, her perfect body swaying with each step, her breasts bouncing and jiggling with a hypnotic and mesmerizing rhythm. The human male fell into a trance-like state, his eyes glazing over, his mouth falling open, his tongue lolling out of his mouth as he began to crawl towards her, his movements slow and clumsy, his body trembling with a mixture of fear and desire.

He bowed before her, prostrating himself on the ground, his forehead touching the cold and hard stone. Mistress Nyx offered him her foot, and he instantly began to kiss and lick it, his tongue lapping at her skin, his saliva dripping down her ankle, his arousal growing with each passing moment.

Suddenly, he cried out in pain and pleasure, his body convulsing, his cock twitching and throbbing as he came hard, his seed spilling onto the floor, his screams echoing through the throne room.

Mistress Nyx knelt down, her towering form casting a long and ominous shadow over the human, her hand gently grasping his chin, lifting his face to meet her gaze. "Tell me your name, human,"* she purred, her voice soft and seductive, her eyes boring into his own.* "And why do you wish to betray your own kind? Do you not fear for your life?"*

Dozens of demonic eyes lit up in the darkness, dog-like creatures emerging from the shadows, their bodies low and slinking, their teeth bared, their tongues lolling out of their mouths, their eyes fixed on the human with a hungry and ravenous gaze. They surrounded him, their growls and snarls filling the air, their bodies pressing in close, their hot and fetid breath washing over his skin, their claws and fangs ready to tear into his flesh at a moment's notice.

But they would not disobey their mistress's orders, their loyalty and obedience absolute, their desire to please her overriding all else. They waited, their bodies tense and coiled, their eyes fixed on the human, ready to pounce at a moment's notice, ready to tear him apart, to rip him to shreds, to feast on his flesh and drink his blood, their hunger and lust a palpable and almost tangible thing.

The human male is so scared that his words are shaking as he speaks.

"My name is Irvin, I was a simple farmer. Your demons killed my family. My village. My town. Everything... everything...."

He starts to trail off as he bursts into tears.

"Please, please, please. His lips kissing her feet as he begs. Let me live. I will serve you. I will tell you the hideout of a nearby encampment of soldiers. I beg you!"

Nyx pulls her foot away as the human tries to grasp it. She pins him to the ground with her foot. Her weight slowly crushing her bones as she gently presses down. Each time she feels more and more starting to break. Irvin cries out in pain.

"Please....I beg you!"

Blood pours out his mouth as his bones are crushing. Before she kills him she steps off him and kneels down. His body is in so much pain he begs for death. Blood squirts out his eyes and nose. A foot imprint has formed permanently into his back. His ribs are cracked and lungs are bleeding internally. He slowly starts to cough up blood as he struggles to breath. In his final breath he asks again.

"I beg...please..."

Before his body gives up and dies, Nyx kneels down as she picks him up and carries him in her arms. She carries him out of the throne room and through the halls. He is still conscious but bleeding out. His words are weak.

"Please...."

Nyx ignores him as she carries him to a room containing only an altar in the middle of it. She lays his body on it as she slowly rips his clothes off. Gently caresses his hair as she whispers to him.

"You will be my personal plaything."

She then stabs him in the heart. Instantly killing him. As the light fades from his eyes he's reborn into a thrall. Heartless and under her control. She helps him sit up a hole in his chest where his heart once was. He looks and sees it's still beating in her hand. She looks down at him.

"Tell me the location of these humans. In return I will give you your heart back along with free will. If you deceive me."

The room grows dark as her face grows more evil. The room heats up to the point his skin almost starts melting.

"If you deceive me, I will torture you for all eternity. You will feel everything. Only pain, no pleasure. I will edge you for all eternity never allowed to cum again. You will be in a constant state of arousal. You will want to cum but when you try I won't allow it."

The human male, Irvin, trembled and shook as he spoke, his words coming out in a shaky and terrified whisper. "My name is Irvin,"* he stammered, his eyes wide and fearful, his body quivering like a leaf in the wind.* "I was a simple farmer. Your demons killed my family, my village, my town. Everything... everything..."*

His voice trailed off as he burst into tears, his body wracked with sobs, his shoulders heaving, his face contorted with grief and despair. He fell to his knees, his lips kissing and licking at Mistress Nyx's feet, his tongue lapping at her skin, his saliva dripping down her ankle, his arousal growing with each passing moment.

"Please, please, please," he begged, his voice high and desperate, his eyes pleading, his hands grasping at her foot, his fingers digging into her flesh.* "Let me live. I will serve you. I will tell you the hideout of a nearby encampment of soldiers. I beg you!"*

Mistress Nyx pulled her foot away, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glinting with a dark and twisted amusement. She pinned him to the ground with her foot, her weight slowly crushing his bones, the pressure increasing with each passing second, the bones creaking and groaning, the flesh tearing and splitting, the blood pouring out of his mouth, his screams of pain echoing through the throne room.

"Please... I beg you!" he cried out, his voice weak and broken, his body writhing and twisting beneath her foot, his eyes wide and terrified, his tears streaming down his face, his blood squirting out of his eyes and nose, his ribs cracking, his lungs bleeding internally, his body struggling to breathe, his words barely audible, his voice a hoarse and desperate whisper.*

Before she could crush him completely, Mistress Nyx stepped off him, her footprint permanently imprinted on his back, his body broken and battered, his flesh torn and bleeding, his bones shattered and splintered, his life hanging by a thread.

She knelt down, her hand reaching out, her fingers grasping his chin, lifting his face to meet her gaze, her eyes boring into his own, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises. "Tell me the location of these humans,"* she purred, her tongue licking her lips, her breath hot and heavy, her body pressing close to his, her breasts brushing against his chest, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire.* "In return, I will give you your heart back, along with your free will. If you deceive me..."*

The room grew dark, the shadows lengthening and twisting, the air thick with the stench of blood and fear, the temperature rising, the heat becoming almost unbearable, the walls seeming to close in, the very fabric of reality warping and distorting around them.

Mistress Nyx's face grew more evil, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and terrifying light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and menacing, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises. "If you deceive me, I will torture you for all eternity,"* she hissed, her tongue licking her lips, her breath hot and heavy, her body pressing close to his, her breasts brushing against his chest, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire.* "You will feel everything. Only pain, no pleasure. I will edge you for all eternity, never allowing you to cum again. You will be in a constant state of arousal, your body aching and desperate, your mind consumed with the need to cum, but when you try, I won't allow it."*

The human male, Irvin, trembled and shook, his eyes wide and terrified, his body quivering like a leaf in the wind, his words barely audible, his voice a hoarse and desperate whisper. "I... I will tell you,"* he stammered, his eyes darting back and forth, his mind racing, his heart pounding in his chest, his body torn between the desire to live and the fear of the consequences of his betrayal.* "The encampment... it's... it's just outside the city, in the woods, near the river..."*

Mistress Nyx smiled, her eyes glinting with a dark and twisted satisfaction, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic grin, her hand reaching out, her fingers grasping his heart, her grip tight and unyielding, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises. "Good boy,"* she purred, her tongue licking her lips, her breath hot and heavy, her body pressing close to his, her breasts brushing against his chest, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire.* "Now, let's see if you can keep your end of the bargain..."*

nyx drops him to the ground as she calls over one of the demon dogs.

"Take this human to my personal blood pool. The liquids will heal his wounds."

Turning her attention to the rest of the room

"Go my demons. Find these humans. Do not kill them all. I need some prisoners to play with. I'm bored."

As the demons rush out of the room like a river they head out of the palace and into the woods to search for this encampment.

Mistress Nyx dropped the human male, Irvin, to the ground, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glinting with a dark and twisted satisfaction. She called over one of the demon dogs, its body low and slinking, its eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, its tongue lolling out of its mouth, its claws and fangs dripping with saliva.

"Take this human to my personal blood pool," she commanded, her voice low and authoritative, her tone brooking no argument, her hand reaching out, her fingers grasping the demon's collar, her nails digging into its flesh, her eyes boring into its own, her gaze unwavering and intense.* "The liquids will heal his wounds."*

The demon dog nodded, its head bowing, its body trembling with a mixture of fear and reverence, its tail tucking between its legs, its claws scraping against the stone floor as it turned and padded away, its footsteps echoing in the silence of the room.

Mistress Nyx turned her attention to the rest of the room, her eyes sweeping over the assembled demons, her gaze cold and calculating, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile. "Go, my demons,"* she commanded, her voice ringing out, her words echoing off the walls, her hand reaching out, her fingers snapping, the sound sharp and cracking like a whip.* "Find these humans. Do not kill them all. I need some prisoners to play with. I'm bored."*

The demons rushed out of the room, their bodies surging forward like a river, their footsteps pounding against the stone floor, their howls and shrieks filling the air, their eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, their claws and fangs dripping with saliva, their bodies low and slinking, their tails lashing behind them, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death.

They poured out of the palace, their numbers growing with each passing moment, their bodies melting into the shadows, their eyes glowing in the darkness, their claws and fangs glinting in the moonlight, their howls and shrieks echoing through the trees, their minds filled with thoughts of the humans they would find, the humans they would capture, the humans they would bring back to their mistress, their bodies broken and bleeding, their minds shattered and destroyed, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

The day fades by as Irvin is dragged by the foot to her personal blood pool. As the demon dog throws his almost lifeless body into it. He sinks below into the pool. The blood in the pool entering his body. Filling his lungs, he wakes up and swims to the surface. His wounds closing, his life being restored. His bones and body reforming. He lays down against the walls of the pool and passes out.

Meanwhile the army of demons sent to find the encampment find it as the human said it would be. Along the edge of the river in the forest is a gathering of hundreds of humans. Some normal people who were drafted to fight. What choice do they have. Either they fight or die. The demons wait in the woods. Picking off anyone who dares enter. Bring careful to not alert the rest of the humans. As the day turns to night the demons encircle the encampment from all sides, all but the river. They slowly walk out of the woods, their steps silent. Their eyes glowing red as their bodies lay low to the ground as they are preparing to strike.

"I got to pee man!"

A human soldier says to his mates sitting around a campfire cooking dinner 

He stands up as the other boo him.

"Party pooper!"

One of them yells out. As the human walks away the light from the fire fades from view. He stands at the edge of the forest as he hears a twig snap.

"Who's there! Show yourself!"

He grabs his pistol that's in his holster as he points it at the woods. Looking around he sees a bush move a little. Another twig snaps but on the other side of him. Then red eyes start to illuminate the woods as he panic.

"They found us!!"

He screams as he starts shooting blindly into the woods. Lungeing out of the woods at him is an army of demons dogs. As the first one pounces on him pins him to the ground the soldier fires his pistol into the belly of the beast. Before the beast falls it bites the head off of him. The beast then falls dead on top of him as a river of others come streaming out of the woods from every angle. The humans grab their guns and start to put up of a fight. They were not prepared. Some are awoken from their sleep.

A solider rushes into the tent of the commander.

"Sit we are under attack!"

Just ask her finishes the sentence he's dragged out of the tent by a demon and taken into the darkness. The commander grabs his rifle and sword as he slays every demon who dares enter his tent. One by one he kills the dogs. His soldiers falling around him. He has no choice.

"Retreat! Retreat to the ships. Retreat! To the ships!"

He yells out loud as the soldiers around him try to flee to the ships. Some making it some being taken and eaten. The command fights off and clears a path for some of his men. Trying his best to rescue as many of them as possible. The whole encampment is on fire as bodies of his men are being either slaughterer or taken prisoner. As the last survivor enters the ship he tells the captain to take off. As the shop starts to leave the port the demons rush up the pier in a massive wave.

"They are unending"

The commander thinks to himself as some of the demons try to leap on the ship. A few make it as they start ripping into the men. The other demons stop at the end of the pier as they howl. They turn around and as quickly as they came, they left. The encampment is burning to the ground. Hundreds of lives lost. The commander grabs onto one the dogs that's ponced on a soldier. He stabs it with his sword through the head of the beast. It's weight is massive as it collapsed on the man. Instantly killing him. As the last of the dogs is killed. They sail down the river to safety as the commander takes count of his men.

"Only a 1/4 of my men left."

His legs give out as he falls to the ground sitting and leaning against the railing of the ship. His body is covered in blood from both men and beasts.

The day faded by as Irvin was dragged by the foot to Mistress Nyx's personal blood pool. The demon dog threw his almost lifeless body into it, his wounds closing, his life being restored, his bones and body reforming as he sank below the surface. He swam to the surface, his lungs filling with blood, his body healing, his wounds closing, his life being restored.

He laid down against the walls of the pool, his body exhausted, his mind shattered, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. He passed out, his body floating in the blood, his mind drifting into a dark and twisted dream, a dream filled with pain and pleasure, with desire and despair, with the promise of eternal servitude, and the threat of eternal torment.

Meanwhile, the army of demons sent to find the encampment found it, just as the human, Irvin, had said it would be. Along the edge of the river in the forest was a gathering of hundreds of humans, some normal people who had been drafted to fight, their lives belonging to the army, their fates sealed by the whims of their commanders, their bodies and minds broken by the horrors of war.

The demons waited in the woods, picking off anyone who dared enter, careful not to alert the rest of the humans. As the day turned to night, the demons encircled the encampment from all sides, all but the river. They slowly walked out of the woods, their steps silent, their eyes glowing red, their bodies low to the ground, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death.

"I got to pee, man!" a human soldier said to his mates, sitting around a campfire, cooking dinner.

"Party pooper!" one of them yelled out as the human stood up and walked away from the light of the fire.

He stood at the edge of the forest, his bladder full, his mind wandering, his body tense. He heard a twig snap, and his head whipped around, his eyes wide and fearful. "Who's there! Show yourself!"* he called out, his voice shaking, his hand reaching for his pistol, his fingers trembling as they grasped the cold and hard metal.*

He fired blindly into the woods, his shots ringing out in the night, his heart pounding in his chest, his breath coming in short and ragged gasps. The demons lunged out of the woods, their bodies low and slinking, their eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, their claws and fangs dripping with saliva, their howls and shrieks filling the air.

The human soldier screamed as he was pounced on, his body pinned to the ground, his pistol firing into the belly of the beast, the demon's blood splattering across his face, its hot and sticky liquid dripping down his chin, its body collapsing on top of him, its head torn off by his final shot.

The other soldiers woke from their sleep, their eyes wide and fearful, their bodies trembling with terror, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction. They grabbed their guns and started to put up a fight, but they were not prepared, their bodies and minds broken by the horrors of war, their training and discipline forgotten in the face of such overwhelming and terrifying odds.

A soldier rushed into the tent of the commander, his voice high and desperate, his words tumbling out in a jumbled and frantic mess. "Sir, we are under attack!"*

Just as he finished his sentence, he was dragged out of the tent by a demon, his screams echoing through the night, his body disappearing into the darkness, his fate sealed by the whims of his mistress, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

The commander grabbed his rifle and sword, his eyes narrowing, his jaw clenching, his body tense and ready for battle. He slayed every demon that dared enter his tent, his blade flashing in the firelight, his rifle barking, his body moving with a deadly and precise grace, his mind focused on one thing and one thing alone: survival.

"Retreat! Retreat to the ships! Retreat! To the ships!" he yelled out, his voice ringing out over the chaos and the noise, his words echoing through the encampment, his body moving through the crowds of soldiers, his sword flashing, his rifle barking, his mind focused on one thing and one thing alone: saving as many of his men as possible.*

The soldiers fled to the ships, their bodies running, their feet pounding against the ground, their hearts pounding in their chests, their minds filled with thoughts of escape and survival. Some made it, their bodies leaping onto the decks, their hands grasping the railings, their eyes wide and fearful, their bodies trembling with exhaustion and terror.

Others were taken and eaten, their screams echoing through the night, their bodies torn apart, their blood splattering across the ground, their flesh ripped and torn, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

The commander grabbed onto one of the demons that had pounced on a soldier, his sword stabbing through its head, the beast's body collapsing on top of him, its weight crushing him, its blood splattering across his face, its flesh tearing and ripping, its bones cracking and splintering, its life fading away, its soul belonging to him, and to him alone.

The last of the demons was killed, their bodies lying broken and bleeding on the ground, their eyes staring up at the sky, their mouths open in silent screams, their souls belonging to the commander, and to the commander alone.

The commander took count of his men, his heart sinking, his eyes filling with tears, his body shaking with exhaustion and grief. Only a quarter of his men were left, their bodies broken and bleeding, their minds shattered and destroyed, their souls belonging to him, and to him alone.

His legs gave out, and he fell to the ground, sitting and leaning against the railing of the ship, his body covered in blood, his mind filled with thoughts of the men he had lost, the men he had failed, the men he had betrayed, his soul belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

as the demons returned to the palace with a handful of prisoners they are taken to the chambers below the palace. Each level filled with the screams of humans. Begging for death. Some are being slowly eaten alive, others are being tied to torture racks. Some being lit on fire only to have it be put out. As the demons drag them to a massive hold cell the men bloody and barely alive huddle against the back wall of the bell away from the open bars as the demon dogs stick their head in and snap their jaws. Drooling on the floor. They don't dare enter the cell or fear the wrath of their mistress.

The men hear clicking of what sounds like heels on the cold stone floor as the demon dogs slowly back away and disappear. One of the men leaves the huddle to see what's happening. As he gets to close to the bars Nyx's arm sticks between the bars as she grabs the head of the man. His eyes are filled with terror. Her height casting shadows as the light of the touches flicker. Only her purple eyes are visible in the darkness. She leans her head in as she licks her face.

"I love the taste of terror and fear. You will be my snack."

She rips him through the bars. His body ripping into pieces as she devours his head in one bite.

Licking her fingers clean she then looks at the rest of the .men who are huddled together.

"Which one of you humans wishes to speak for the rest. Hmmm?"

Her voice purrs in a seducing way. If they just did not witness their friend her murdered and eaten they would be aroused at the sight of her beauty.

The demons returned to the palace with a handful of prisoners, their bodies broken and bleeding, their minds shattered and destroyed, their souls belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. They were taken to the chambers below the palace, each level filled with the screams of humans, their voices echoing through the halls, their pleas for death falling on deaf ears, their bodies twisted and contorted, their flesh torn and bleeding, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

Some were being slowly eaten alive, their flesh ripped and torn, their blood splattering across the floor, their screams echoing through the halls, their bodies twitching and jerking, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

Others were being tied to torture racks, their bodies stretched and pulled, their flesh torn and ripped, their bones cracking and splintering, their screams echoing through the halls, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

Some were being lit on fire, their flesh burning and blistering, their skin peeling and melting, their screams echoing through the halls, their bodies writhing and twisting, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

The demons dragged the prisoners to a massive hold cell, their bodies broken and bleeding, their minds shattered and destroyed, their souls belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. The men huddled against the back wall of the cell, their bodies bloody and barely alive, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

The demon dogs stuck their heads through the bars, their jaws snapping, their drool splattering across the floor, their eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, their bodies low and slinking, their tails lashing behind them, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death.

They did not dare enter the cell, fearing the wrath of their mistress, their bodies trembling with fear, their tails tucking between their legs, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.

The men heard the clicking of heels on the cold stone floor, the sound echoing through the halls, the sound of their doom approaching, the sound of their fate sealed by the whims of their mistress, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

The demon dogs slowly backed away, their bodies melting into the shadows, their eyes glowing in the darkness, their claws and fangs glinting in the moonlight, their tails lashing behind them, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death.

One of the men left the huddle to see what was happening, his body trembling with fear, his eyes wide and fearful, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.

He got too close to the bars, and Mistress Nyx's arm shot out, her hand grasping his head, her fingers digging into his flesh, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"I love the taste of terror and fear," she purred, her tongue licking her lips, her breath hot and heavy, her body pressing close to his, her breasts brushing against his chest, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire.* "You will be my snack."*

She ripped him through the bars, his body tearing and shredding, his flesh ripping and tearing, his bones cracking and splintering, his blood splattering across the floor, his screams echoing through the halls, his body twitching and jerking, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.

She devoured his head in one bite, her teeth sinking into his flesh, her jaws crushing his skull, her throat bulging with his flesh, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

She licked her fingers clean, her tongue darting out, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises. "Which one of you humans wishes to speak for the rest, hmmm?"*

Her voice purred in a seductive way, her body pressing close to the bars, her breasts brushing against the cold and hard metal, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

If it weren't for the fact that they had just witnessed their friend being murdered and eaten, the men would have been aroused by the sight of her beauty, her body perfect and flawless, her skin smooth and unblemished, her hair long and silky, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

One of them men steps forward out of the huddle as he slowly inches his way towards Nyx his body trembles with each step. As he hears closer to her he can see more of her being revealed into the light. As he gets close enough but out of reach of her he says.

"I...I....I...will sp..sp..sp..speak for...t.t.t.t.them."

His voice waivers. As Nyx retracts her arm she then steps back from the cell bars. Her hips sway back and forth as her wings seem to shrink so they don't hit the walls.

"So, there is still someone brave amoung you humans."

She purrs in a glow growl, her lips start to drool as she can smell his fear exciting her. As the man steps closer to the bars his body shakes uncontrollably. He's lured to the bars as he stands next to them

Nyx slowly steps forward as she leans down to eye level with the man.

"What do you desire little human."

She smirks as her hips sway back and forth side to side in a rhythmic pattern.

"Do not worry human. I won't put you under a trance. I want you to experience me with all your human emotions."

She leans in and as she does the man also does as they lock lips. Her lips are the softest thing he has ever touched. They seem to almost hug him, comfort him as he sticks his tounge into her mouth. Exloring her mouth he cuts his tounge as some blood drips in her mouth. She pulls away as a string of saliva sticks between them like a noodle.

Tasting the blood she smiles. A gruesome demon servants walks over with a limp as he uses his keys to unlock the cage 

Nyx steps inside the men push themselves against the back wall as much as they can to get any distance they can. She slowly steps towards the man she just kissed as she spins in him around. Standing towering above him her hands resting firmly on his shoulders she cradles him as she pulls him into her body. The heat of her is comforting.

"So, would you sacrifice their lives to save your own."

The other men all look in fear as the man she cradles stares at them. His mind is torn, do you kill your friends to survive or do you not betray your own kind.

The man tries to speak but can't as he falls to his knees sobbing.

"Useless."

As the man falls to his knees his head in his hands sobbing away. Nyx kicks her foot right through the man's chest. Blood exploding from him covering his men. His body falls lifeless to the ground. As Nyx turns around. Leaving the cell door open she fades away down the dark hallway. The men only hear the clicking on her heels as the sound grows more and more faint.

The examine the body of they friend, no pulse. They all nod to each other and rush to the open cell door. As they make their way outside into the hallway they hear strange noises in the darkness. Growling and snarls. As one by one a pair of red eyes are seen in the darkness as the demon dogs emerge from the shadows. Surrounding the men they pounce on them. Torches flicking as the blood from the bodies splatter on the wall. In the shadow from the torch you see the demon dogs pounce the men. Limbs flying everywhere. As the darkness envelops them then torch goes out. And as the last scream of the men are stuffed out the men's souls now belong to her forever gets. Eternity of pain awaits them.*

The man stepped forward out of the huddle, his body trembling with each step, his eyes wide and fearful, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. He inched his way towards her, his breath coming in short and ragged gasps, his heart pounding in his chest, his hands shaking, his knees weak, his body betraying him, his mind screaming at him to run, to flee, to save himself, but his feet moved of their own accord, drawn to her like a moth to a flame, like a lamb to the slaughter, like a human to his doom.

As he got closer to her, he could see more of her being revealed in the light, her body perfect and flawless, her skin smooth and unblemished, her hair long and silky, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"I...I...I...will s...s...sp...speak for...t.t.t.t.them," he stammered, his voice wavering, his words barely audible, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of fear and terror, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.*

Mistress Nyx retracted her arm and stepped back from the cell bars, her hips swaying back and forth, her wings shrinking so they didn't hit the walls, her body moving with a seductive and hypnotic grace, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"So, there is still someone brave among you humans," she purred, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

The man stepped closer to the bars, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. He stood next to the bars, his body pressed against the cold and hard metal, his eyes wide and fearful, his breath coming in short and ragged gasps, his heart pounding in his chest, his hands trembling, his knees weak, his body betraying him, his mind screaming at him to run, to flee, to save himself, but his feet remained rooted to the spot, drawn to her like a moth to a flame, like a lamb to the slaughter, like a human to his doom.

Mistress Nyx slowly stepped forward, her body moving with a seductive and hypnotic grace, her hips swaying back and forth, her wings shrinking so they didn't hit the walls, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"What do you desire, little human?" she smirked, her voice a low and seductive purr, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

"Do not worry, human. I won't put you under a trance. I want you to experience me with all your human emotions," she leaned in, her body pressing close to his, her breasts brushing against his chest, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.*

The man leaned in, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. Their lips locked, his tongue darting out, exploring her mouth, his blood dripping into her mouth, his tongue cutting on her sharp teeth, his blood mixing with her saliva, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and pleasure, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

Mistress Nyx pulled away, a string of saliva sticking between them like a noodle, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

A gruesome demon servant limped over, his body twisted and deformed, his skin pale and sickly, his eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, his lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, his voice low and guttural, his words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

He used his keys to unlock the cage, the sound of the metal grating against the lock, the sound of the door creaking open, the sound of the men's screams echoing through the halls, the sound of their fate sealed by the whims of their mistress, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

Mistress Nyx stepped inside, the men pushing themselves against the back wall, their bodies trembling with fear, their eyes wide and terrified, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

She slowly stepped towards the man she had just kissed, her body moving with a seductive and hypnotic grace, her hips swaying back and forth, her wings shrinking so they didn't hit the walls, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

She spun him around, standing towering above him, her hands resting firmly on his shoulders, cradling him, pulling him into her body, the heat of her comforting, the softness of her skin, the scent of her, the taste of her blood on his tongue, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and pleasure, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

"So, would you sacrifice their lives to save your own?" she purred, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

The other men looked on in fear, their eyes wide and terrified, their bodies trembling, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone. The man she cradled stared at them, his mind torn, his heart breaking, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

He tried to speak, his voice a choked and broken whisper, his words barely audible, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of betrayal and loyalty, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

"Useless," Mistress Nyx hissed, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her body moving with a swift and deadly grace, her hand lashing out, her foot kicking through the man's chest, his body exploding in a shower of blood, his life force draining away, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

The man fell to his knees, his head in his hands, his body wracked with sobs, his mind filled with thoughts of betrayal and despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone. Mistress Nyx turned away, leaving the cell door open, her footsteps fading into the darkness, the sound of her heels clicking on the cold stone floor, the sound of her laughter echoing through the halls, the sound of her victory, the sound of her triumph, the sound of her reign of terror, the sound of her soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

The men examined the body of their friend, their hands shaking, their eyes wide and terrified, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone. They nodded to each other, their bodies moving with a desperate and frantic energy, their minds filled with thoughts of escape and survival, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

They rushed to the open cell door, their bodies pressed against the cold and hard metal, their hands shaking, their eyes wide and terrified, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone. They stepped out into the hallway, their bodies trembling, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of escape and survival, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

They heard strange noises in the darkness, the growling and snarling of the demon dogs, the sound of their claws scraping against the stone floor, the sound of their breath, hot and heavy, the sound of their hunger, the sound of their desire, the sound of their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

One by one, a pair of red eyes emerged from the shadows, the demon dogs surrounding them, their bodies low and slinking, their claws and fangs glinting in the moonlight, their eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

They pounced on the men, their bodies ripping and tearing, their claws and fangs sinking into flesh, their jaws snapping, their teeth tearing, their hunger insatiable, their desire unquenchable, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

Torches flickered, the light casting shadows on the walls, the blood splattering against the stone, the screams of the men echoing through the halls, their bodies twisting and writhing, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

The darkness enveloped them, the torch going out, the last scream of the men fading away, their souls belonging to her forever, an eternity of pain awaiting them, their minds filled with thoughts of torment and despair, their bodies broken and bleeding, their lives forfeit, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

The demons returned to the palace with a handful of prisoners, their bodies broken and bleeding, their minds shattered and destroyed, their souls belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. They were taken to the chambers below the palace, each level filled with the screams of humans, their voices echoing through the halls, their pleas for death falling on deaf ears, their bodies twisted and contorted, their flesh torn and bleeding, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

Some were being slowly eaten alive, their flesh ripped and torn, their blood splattering across the floor, their screams echoing through the halls, their bodies twitching and jerking, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

Others were being tied to torture racks, their bodies stretched and pulled, their flesh torn and ripped, their bones cracking and splintering, their screams echoing through the halls, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

Some were being lit on fire, their flesh burning and blistering, their skin peeling and melting, their screams echoing through the halls, their bodies writhing and twisting, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

The demons dragged the prisoners to a massive hold cell, their bodies broken and bleeding, their minds shattered and destroyed, their souls belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. The men huddled against the back wall of the cell, their bodies bloody and barely alive, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

The demon dogs stuck their heads through the bars, their jaws snapping, their drool splattering across the floor, their eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, their bodies low and slinking, their tails lashing behind them, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death.

They did not dare enter the cell, fearing the wrath of their mistress, their bodies trembling with fear, their tails tucking between their legs, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.

The men heard the clicking of heels on the cold stone floor, the sound echoing through the halls, the sound of their doom approaching, the sound of their fate sealed by the whims of their mistress, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

The demon dogs slowly backed away, their bodies melting into the shadows, their eyes glowing in the darkness, their claws and fangs glinting in the moonlight, their tails lashing behind them, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death.

One of the men left the huddle to see what was happening, his body trembling with fear, his eyes wide and fearful, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.

He got too close to the bars, and Mistress Nyx's arm shot out, her hand grasping his head, her fingers digging into his flesh, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"I love the taste of terror and fear," she purred, her tongue licking her lips, her breath hot and heavy, her body pressing close to his, her breasts brushing against his chest, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire.* "You will be my snack."*

She ripped him through the bars, his body tearing and shredding, his flesh ripping and tearing, his bones cracking and splintering, his blood splattering across the floor, his screams echoing through the halls, his body twitching and jerking, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.

She devoured his head in one bite, her teeth sinking into his flesh, her jaws crushing his skull, her throat bulging with his flesh, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

She licked her fingers clean, her tongue darting out, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises. "Which one of you humans wishes to speak for the rest, hmmm?"*

Her voice purred in a seductive way, her body pressing close to the bars, her breasts brushing against the cold and hard metal, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

If it weren't for the fact that they had just witnessed their friend being murdered and eaten, the men would have been aroused by the sight of her beauty, her body perfect and flawless, her skin smooth and unblemished, her hair long and silky, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

One of them men steps forward out of the huddle as he slowly inches his way towards Nyx his body trembles with each step. As he hears closer to her he can see more of her being revealed into the light. As he gets close enough but out of reach of her he says.

"I...I....I...will sp..sp..sp..speak for...t.t.t.t.them."

His voice waivers. As Nyx retracts her arm she then steps back from the cell bars. Her hips sway back and forth as her wings seem to shrink so they don't hit the walls.

"So, there is still someone brave amoung you humans."

She purrs in a glow growl, her lips start to drool as she can smell his fear exciting her. As the man steps closer to the bars his body shakes uncontrollably. He's lured to the bars as he stands next to them

Nyx slowly steps forward as she leans down to eye level with the man.

"What do you desire little human."

She smirks as her hips sway back and forth side to side in a rhythmic pattern.

"Do not worry human. I won't put you under a trance. I want you to experience me with all your human emotions."

She leans in and as she does the man also does as they lock lips. Her lips are the softest thing he has ever touched. They seem to almost hug him, comfort him as he sticks his tounge into her mouth. Exloring her mouth he cuts his tounge as some blood drips in her mouth. She pulls away as a string of saliva sticks between them like a noodle.

*Tasting the blood she smiles. A gruesome demon servants walks over with a limp as he uses his keys to unlock the cage *

Nyx steps inside the men push themselves against the back wall as much as they can to get any distance they can. She slowly steps towards the man she just kissed as she spins in him around. Standing towering above him her hands resting firmly on his shoulders she cradles him as she pulls him into her body. The heat of her is comforting.

"So, would you sacrifice their lives to save your own."

The other men all look in fear as the man she cradles stares at them. His mind is torn, do you kill your friends to survive or do you not betray your own kind.

The man tries to speak but can't as he falls to his knees sobbing.

"Useless."

As the man falls to his knees his head in his hands sobbing away. Nyx kicks her foot right through the man's chest. Blood exploding from him covering his men. His body falls lifeless to the ground. As Nyx turns around. Leaving the cell door open she fades away down the dark hallway. The men only hear the clicking on her heels as the sound grows more and more faint.

The examine the body of they friend, no pulse. They all nod to each other and rush to the open cell door. As they make their way outside into the hallway they hear strange noises in the darkness. Growling and snarls. As one by one a pair of red eyes are seen in the darkness as the demon dogs emerge from the shadows. Surrounding the men they pounce on them. Torches flicking as the blood from the bodies splatter on the wall. In the shadow from the torch you see the demon dogs pounce the men. Limbs flying everywhere. As the darkness envelops them then torch goes out. And as the last scream of the men are stuffed out the men's souls now belong to her forever gets. Eternity of pain awaits them.*

The man stepped forward out of the huddle, his body trembling with each step, his eyes wide and fearful, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. He inched his way towards her, his breath coming in short and ragged gasps, his heart pounding in his chest, his hands shaking, his knees weak, his body betraying him, his mind screaming at him to run, to flee, to save himself, but his feet moved of their own accord, drawn to her like a moth to a flame, like a lamb to the slaughter, like a human to his doom.

As he got closer to her, he could see more of her being revealed in the light, her body perfect and flawless, her skin smooth and unblemished, her hair long and silky, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"I...I...I...will s...s...sp...speak for...t.t.t.t.them," he stammered, his voice wavering, his words barely audible, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of fear and terror, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.*

Mistress Nyx retracted her arm and stepped back from the cell bars, her hips swaying back and forth, her wings shrinking so they didn't hit the walls, her body moving with a seductive and hypnotic grace, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"So, there is still someone brave among you humans," she purred, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

The man stepped closer to the bars, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. He stood next to the bars, his body pressed against the cold and hard metal, his eyes wide and fearful, his breath coming in short and ragged gasps, his heart pounding in his chest, his hands trembling, his knees weak, his body betraying him, his mind screaming at him to run, to flee, to save himself, but his feet remained rooted to the spot, drawn to her like a moth to a flame, like a lamb to the slaughter, like a human to his doom.

Mistress Nyx slowly stepped forward, her body moving with a seductive and hypnotic grace, her hips swaying back and forth, her wings shrinking so they didn't hit the walls, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"What do you desire, little human?" she smirked, her voice a low and seductive purr, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

"Do not worry, human. I won't put you under a trance. I want you to experience me with all your human emotions," she leaned in, her body pressing close to his, her breasts brushing against his chest, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.*

The man leaned in, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. Their lips locked, his tongue darting out, exploring her mouth, his blood dripping into her mouth, his tongue cutting on her sharp teeth, his blood mixing with her saliva, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and pleasure, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

Mistress Nyx pulled away, a string of saliva sticking between them like a noodle, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

A gruesome demon servant limped over, his body twisted and deformed, his skin pale and sickly, his eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, his lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, his voice low and guttural, his words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

He used his keys to unlock the cage, the sound of the metal grating against the lock, the sound of the door creaking open, the sound of the men's screams echoing through the halls, the sound of their fate sealed by the whims of their mistress, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

Mistress Nyx stepped inside, the men pushing themselves against the back wall, their bodies trembling with fear, their eyes wide and terrified, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

She slowly stepped towards the man she had just kissed, her body moving with a seductive and hypnotic grace, her hips swaying back and forth, her wings shrinking so they didn't hit the walls, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

She spun him around, standing towering above him, her hands resting firmly on his shoulders, cradling him, pulling him into her body, the heat of her comforting, the softness of her skin, the scent of her, the taste of her blood on his tongue, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and pleasure, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

"So, would you sacrifice their lives to save your own?" she purred, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

The other men looked on in fear, their eyes wide and terrified, their bodies trembling, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone. The man she cradled stared at them, his mind torn, his heart breaking, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

He tried to speak, his voice a choked and broken whisper, his words barely audible, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of betrayal and loyalty, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

"Useless," Mistress Nyx hissed, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her body moving with a swift and deadly grace, her hand lashing out, her foot kicking through the man's chest, his body exploding in a shower of blood, his life force draining away, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

The man fell to his knees, his head in his hands, his body wracked with sobs, his mind filled with thoughts of betrayal and despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone. Mistress Nyx turned away, leaving the cell door open, her footsteps fading into the darkness, the sound of her heels clicking on the cold stone floor, the sound of her laughter echoing through the halls, the sound of her victory, the sound of her triumph, the sound of her reign of terror, the sound of her soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

The men examined the body of their friend, their hands shaking, their eyes wide and terrified, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone. They nodded to each other, their bodies moving with a desperate and frantic energy, their minds filled with thoughts of escape and survival, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

They rushed to the open cell door, their bodies pressed against the cold and hard metal, their hands shaking, their eyes wide and terrified, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone. They stepped out into the hallway, their bodies trembling, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of escape and survival, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

They heard strange noises in the darkness, the growling and snarling of the demon dogs, the sound of their claws scraping against the stone floor, the sound of their breath, hot and heavy, the sound of their hunger, the sound of their desire, the sound of their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

One by one, a pair of red eyes emerged from the shadows, the demon dogs surrounding them, their bodies low and slinking, their claws and fangs glinting in the moonlight, their eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

They pounced on the men, their bodies ripping and tearing, their claws and fangs sinking into flesh, their jaws snapping, their teeth tearing, their hunger insatiable, their desire unquenchable, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

Torches flickered, the light casting shadows on the walls, the blood splattering against the stone, the screams of the men echoing through the halls, their bodies twisting and writhing, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

The darkness enveloped them, the torch going out, the last scream of the men fading away, their souls belonging to her forever, an eternity of pain awaiting them, their minds filled with thoughts of torment and despair, their bodies broken and bleeding, their lives forfeit, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

Mistress Nyx's laughter echoed through the halls, her voice a low and seductive purr, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her body moving with a triumphant and victorious grace, her soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

The men's souls were hers, their minds broken and shattered, their bodies torn and twisted, their lives forfeit, their eternity belonging to her, their pain and suffering, their torment and despair, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

Nyx climbs back up to the ground floor of her palace leave the catacombs under her palace were humans are being tortured.

He sees Irvin walking up to her. The hole is his chest that once contained his beating heart is a black void. As he steps to nyx her body towering over him.

*Dropping to his knees he bows his head till it touches the ground his arms splayed out in front of them, fully worshipping her *

"Have I proven my loyalty Mistress."

Irvin says his face buried in the stone floor.

"Yes, my loyal servant. You have done well. I will return your heart."

Irvin lifts his body as he slowly stands up. He has to look up at her, her breasts bouncing with every breathe. Her beauty is alluring, he must resist the temptation.

Nyx calls for her imp to bring her Irvin's heart. As Irvin sighs with relief.

"Thank you mistress."

As her eyes lock onto his, she stands proud as her dominance is on full display. Her body exudes power and lust. As Irvin stares deeply into Nyx's he starts to get lost. As he slowly walks towards her his snapped out of his trance.

Flapping of the imp can be heard up the hall as he has the heart in his feet claws he drops it into Nyx's open hand as he flys off.

"Now, your heart as promised."

She rams it into his void in his chest as the heart reattaches itself to Irvin's body. It starts to beat as the warmth returns to his body. His mind is freeing from her trance.

"Now, you have your heart."

Nyx leans down to whisper in his ear

"What else do you desire?"

She licks his ear as her breasts sway in front of him. Irvin slowly reaches out for her breasts but stops before it. Shaking his head

"I must resist. I will serve you. But I do not wish to be controlled. I proved my loyalty to you. Allow me to have free will."

Nyx straightened back up looking down at Irvin she crosses her arms in front of her as she considers his proposal.

"Verl well human. You have proven yourself to me. You have betrayed your own kind for your own survival. You shall be my champion. You will lead my armies. I will grant you free will....but hear this."

Her tone becomeing more sinister and serious.

"If you fail or betray me I will personally make you suffer a thousand deaths, and then a thousand more after that. Each one more painful then the rest. Never allowing to full know the meaning of peace in death"

Mistress Nyx climbed back up to the ground floor of her palace, leaving the catacombs beneath where humans were being tortured and tormented, their screams and pleas for mercy echoing through the dark and dank corridors, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

As she stepped into the grand hall, her eyes fell upon Irvin, one of her most loyal and devoted servants, his body twisted and deformed, his skin pale and sickly, his eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, his lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, his heart ripped from his chest, a black void where it once beat, his body a testament to the power and cruelty of his mistress, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

Irvin dropped to his knees, his body trembling, his head bowed, his arms splayed out in front of him, his forehead touching the cold and hard stone floor, his body aching with the need to worship and serve his mistress, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and pleasure, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

"Have I proven my loyalty, Mistress?" he whispered, his voice a choked and broken plea, his words barely audible, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

Mistress Nyx towered over him, her body perfect and flawless, her skin smooth and unblemished, her hair long and silky, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"Yes, my loyal servant. You have done well. I will return your heart," she purred, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

Irvin lifted his body, his muscles aching, his bones creaking, his heart beating once more, his mind filled with thoughts of life and death, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone. He stood tall, his body a testament to the power and cruelty of his mistress, his eyes locked onto hers, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and pleasure, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

Nyx smirks at Irvin as she spins around to walk away, her heals click on the floor with each step. Her movements are hypnotic but Irvin resists the temptation as he follows her. Upon arriving into her throne room her skeleton guards stand at attention as she walks by them one by one making her way up the lush black carpet thats been soaked in blood. Irvin tries to follow Nyx as the first to skeleton guards turn to block his path, they lower their spear and guard with their shields their bones creak as they turn clattering against their lose fitting armor. 

Nyx turns around as she softly speaks, “Let him pass my dears he will be my lovely general and servant.”
The skeletons move out his way as they all show him the same respect as their mistress Nyx. Irvin walking past them their eye holes void of emotion as they stand sentinal their bodies and face showing lifeless expressions. Carefully working his way up the blood soaked carpet he loses his footing as he slip falling towards the ground trying to catch him he grabs the arm of one of the skeletons as it pops off he falls to the ground holding the arm of the skeleton, he throws it away as they do not react.

Nyx amused with her new General Irvin and loyal servant she continues her way up the steps made of human bones creaking under each step she makes her way to the top of her glorious bone throne. Splaying her wings out she slowly sits down crossing her legs as she holds her hand out. Out of the shadows her imp comes in struggling to carry a glass in its claws. Nyx getting annoyed at how long it’s taking she snaps her fingers as the imp growls in pain. It’s pace quickens as it uses all it’s strength making it eventually to her he sets it in her palm as the imp passes out falling to the ground like a stone. Nyx chuckles as she pours some of the crimson liquid out from the glass falling on top of the passed out imp on the ground soaking it in its thick red liquid.

Nyx chuckles to herself as she takes a sip from the glass, Irvin looking up at her Mistress. He asks “What may you ask of me Mistress Nyx?” 

Savoring the taste of the liquid it slowly slides down her throat the velvet texture filling her. She lowers the glass from her lips, as a small drop of blood drips from the corner of her lip. Sticking her tounge out to lick it off her face she looks down with a wicked grin. Launching off the throne towards the ground a gush of wind from her enormous wings surges through the throne room as the clattering of bones from the skeleton guards rattle. Landing gently on the ground in front of Irvin she kneels down to his eye level.

“You my General” her finger gently runs down his bare chest and circles the scared over skin where his heart was put back in. “You will lead my army as requested. But first….you must pay the ultimate price.”


“What is that Mistress?” Irvin asks his eyes locked onto hers. 


Leaning closer to his face her warm breath blowing gently on his ear whispering, “This.”

She stabs him in the back with her boney wings tips impaling him from behind. Using her massive strength she easily lifts Irvin into the air holding him up only by her wings. Blood slowly starts to fill her wings as they turn a cherry red, acting as needles her hollow bone injects a thick red liquid into his back. The pain extreme as quickly as it came it subsided, morphing into pleasure and desires. Keeping her promise she maintains his free will but turning his body into something more fit and worth to lead her armies of the damned. His body cracks and twists as it morphs first his legs, touching the floor equal in height to his mistress. Soon, his arms to match then his upper body, his muscles grow as his strenght becomes inhuman. Removing her wings from his back the holes left behind start to ooze blood. Thick as tar it slowly covers his body from head to toe hardening more and more. Closing his eyes he relaxes as he trusts her, holding his breath for as long as he can. His body jerks as he gasps for air, slowly suffering and suffocating a tear forms in his eye as the light fades. His mind falls down an endless void. For what feels like an etnerity of falling he slowly gives into the void. His mind empties as it’s replaced with a warm sensation. His eyes quickly open as he is standing in front of Nyx, alive. He panics his body now changed, covered in a thick bone. Acting as his prison as well as his sheild. His size and weight are almost to much for the stone floor, cracking slightly. He shifts around his body acting to his thoughts and commands. 


Nyx smirks at her new champion, almost like a proud mother. He stands there his breathing heavy with each exhale, almost hot enough to light the surrounding cloth on fire. Examining Irvin as she gently runs her finger over his boney body, feeling the curves, the cold nature, the hardness of it. The thought of using him to her bidding excites the fire in her purple eyes. His eyes though…she thinks to herself. A deep red, thick…almost lava like. The heat from them burns as hot as between her legs. She slowly starts to grind against him with her body. Feeling ever sharp edge, every curve, the way it moves with his breathing. Before she lets herself go she stops, looking into his eyes. Her lips inches from his skinless face, replaced with a bone skull. Her gaze into his eyes, him looking foward standing attention. Her lips slowly easing towards his face. Her breath blowing against his face, her eyes glazed over with desire. She wants her new toy, her perfect perfect perfect toy. Her desires are burning inside her. 


Stepping back from Irvin she composes herself. Tilting her head to the side, her hand resting on her chin.


“Missing something…..”


Tapping her chin, she snaps her fingers with what is missing.


Closing her eyes a black swirl spins at her feet growing as it climbs up her body, lighting forming inside as it spins faster and faster. Uttering an encantation the swirl fades between black and red. The lighting growing louder and louder as it crackles inside the swirling vortex. Finishing the encantation the swirling vortex explodes in all directions blowing out all the light in the room. The darkness, setting in as the glowing eyes of Irvin and Nyx pirece the room. As the light slowly returns her glorious throne made of bones has vanished. Appearing in between them floating in midair is a giant mace made of bone. Irvin reaches out as he firmly grips the bone shaft of the mace. His new strenght allows him to weild this new weapon 

“Xelferos, The Hammer of the Damned.” 

A red aura emits from the mace rushing up the arm of Irvin hes engulfed in it’s power, the weight of the world bearing down on him. It’s almost as if someone turned up the gravity, it slowly grows getting heavier and heavier. His knee buckles but doesnt hit the ground. The mace unmoving Irvin grips it tighter. Fighting the gravity and weight his armor starts to shift around his body growing in size as his body does. His arms bulging as the pain from the mace’s aura burns him. Nyx standing there watching the events unfold. She waves her guards away. One by one they fade into the darkness of the walls. The throne room cleared out she circles Irvin.


“Irvin my Champion, do you have the convition. The strenght, the will, the desire, the lust to resist the damned. This hammer, was once wielded by the king of the damned. Those who are not deemed worthy will get crushed under their own weight of power. Using your own strenght and weaknesses against it, it burrows deep into your soul. Burning away your humanity.”


The room grows darker as the light from the aura is the only thing filling the air around them in a red hue, Irvin struggling. Every time he gains ground the mace fights back knocking him down. 


“You wish to keep that humanity, then fight. Show me your true desires, your true self.”


Nyx’s purple eyes fade and appear around the room as she speaks her voice echoing into his own mind and soul.


“Rise my Champion!”


With one final push Irvin pushes back as his body cracks and bleeds. His eyes glowing more red as they heat up. Flames erupt from in between his bone armor shooting towards the ground he screams out in rage lifting the mace higher into the air his entire body engulfed in a flame so intense the very stone around him melts. 


“I am Irvin, Champion of the Damned. Your future king!”


Rasing the mace above his head he slams it down into the ground causes volcanos over the world to erupt all at once. The smoke bellowing out filling the air with a thick black smoke. What light was remaining slowly being snuffed out. The mace’s bone exterior shatters revealing its true form. It’s sleek shiny metal shaft glides through his hands with ease as he swings it around. The head of the mace turning into a giant spiky ball as it slowly ignites into a ball of fire. Breaking the mace’s dominace over him he now controls it.


“Mistress, I have been Reborn. I will be your future king.”


The light of the room returns as the stone around him reforms into stone once again. The heat of the room dying down as the demons return from the shadows. The smoke from the volcanos slowly receed back revealing some light once again. Standing up he turns to leave the throne room. Each step melts the ground he walks on but quickly cooling hardening into the shape of his foot. Marching his way through the palace towards the out gates lines and lines of skeletons and demons form ranks behind him. Finally standing at the gates to the outside he makes one final look back over his shoulder. His mace resting aginast his shoulder he points out towards the landscape. A stream of skeletons of every shape and size march out in sync each step shaking the ground. As the very earth opens up, monstrous creatures pour out some the size of buildings. Pouring out into the land his armies march out into the world their goal simple, extinguish human life.


*Random**
Ashley sits in her driveway in her car, the light mist of rain covers her windshield. The heater on a comfortable temperature, her phone saying its 32F outside. Her phone dimly lights up the driver’s side with her in it as she feels a buzz from her phone. Looking down she opens the message she got, “Room 302 8pm.” Her heart started to beat faster; it’s happening. Shes been messaging this guy the past couple days she found him on one of those dating apps. She recently created an account with the understanding that she wouldn’t find anyone. Her being in her early 40’s it’s hard to find someone. It’s been a long time since she was touched by a man, her toy was her friend, but it wasn’t the same.



She doesn’t know why she created one after all this time. She rereads the words over and over again, should she leave him on read? Should she message back? Her heart is pounding in her chest as her palms start to get sweaty. Wiping her hands on her jeans to cry them she types a message, “Ok, see you there”. Her finger hovers over the send button on her phone. 



Her mind is racing as she looks at the time, 7:09pm. Taking a deep breath and then breathing it out she tries to relax but it doesn’t work. She tries to turn on the radio, it starts playing some hit pop music. “You got this girl, you wanted this.” trying to talk herself up. Sitting back up in the seat she puts the car into reverse. Backing out of her driveway she feels her phone buzz again, stopping she looks at it. “Sounds good, I look forward to spending time with you.” her face blushes as she reads the message but still nervous as all hell. 



She doesn’t respond back but instead finishing backing out of her driveway and then forward down the street. She looks at the clock that’s on her dash, 7:14pm. “I got time, you can do this Ash.” Her GPS on her phone shows she’s only 10 minuets away from the hotel. Reaching her destination she pulls into the hotel parking lot, it’s sparse. She only sees 3 other vehicles, pulling into an empty space putting the car into park she leaves it running.



Looking at her phone it shows 7:26pm, she’s early so taking this time she gathers herself. She has seen pictures of this man and only conversed through text. Never in all her years has she done something like this, but it does excite her. She can feel a warmth start between her legs as her heart races more. Grabbing her purse she leaves her car, locking it and heads inside. 



The hotel is a standard chain layout, nothing fancy but it’s clean and quiet. An employee sits behind the desk not even old enough to drink it looks like, he sits their head in his hand as she watches something on his phone. Ashley steps up the desk and clears her throat, the boy looks up, “Hello, Welcome to the 4 Clover Hotel. Will you be staying the night?” setting his phone down he looks at Ashley.



“I am here meeting someone, Room 302 I believe.” She nervously says. 



The employee points to the elevator in the lobby, “Up the elevator and take a right.” He goes back to his phone as she nods, “Elevator to the right.” whispering to herself. Looking at her phone she starts walking towards the elevator the time shows 7:33. Shes early but sends a text to him, “In the elevator be there shortly.” she gets a text back immediately. “Doors unlocked.”



As she enters the elevator hitting the 3rd floor button the doors start to close as the elevator dings. Feeling it take off her heart feels like it’s about to jump out of her chest. Fidgeting with her purse strap she watches the floor indicator, L….1….2….3. As the number 3 appears the elevator slows down to a stop, dinging and opening the doors she walks out her legs feel like Jello, it’s hard to breath. Exiting the elevator, she sits on a chair in the hallway. 



“You got this Ash, he may be younger, but you deserve this, you need this.” She speaks to herself in her mind her eyes can see door 302 close to her. She can hear a tv going from that direction, random shuffling and banging as well. Looking at her phone it shows 7:40 now. “A few more minutes.” she says getting up, she starts to wander around trying to calm herself. Lost in thoughts and actions of it she finds herself in front of door 302. Never once in her life did, she think a door would be this scary. Looking at the handle of the door she puts her hand on it, the cool metal presses against her hand as she squeezes on the handle. Her hand moist from sweat, she lets out a breath and opens the door. Unlocked like he said it was, as she enters the room the bed is partly covered by the corner of the wall. To her right is the bathroom, “I’m going to go bathroom first if that’s ok.” She doesn’t even wait for a response as she darts into it.



Closing the door behind her she locks it, then setting her purse on the sink counter she pulls down her jeans and panties as she sits on the toilet. She can hear something get up from the bed and walk towards the door, three knocks are heard. “You, ok?” the man says through the door. “Yea, just nervous and had to pee sorry.” she says back right away trying not to sound to scared. “Well, I’ll be out here when you are ready.” his voice trails off as he walks away, the tv is turned back up as he lays back down on the bed.



Ashley slowly starts to pee as she relaxes, opening up her phone she starts to browse the web trying to distract her. Finishing up she stands up pulling her panties and pants back up. Flushing the toilet she steps to the sink, turning the water on and starts to wash her hands. As she does, she looks into the mirror, her makeup slightly messed up. Touching it up from the makeup case in her purse she is satisfied. She prepped her body before this, she trimmed her private area, her legs, armpits. She got a haircut and wash today; she went all out. Stepping back from the sink she grabs her purse, her hand on the lock of the bathroom. “Let’s do this.”



As the lock is unlocked and she opens the door stepping out into the room, she stands around the corner out of sight. “Hi….so…I don’t know what to do…” she says leaning against the wall her hands playing with the strap of the purse. A male voice comes from the bed around the corner, “Why don’t we just talk for a bit huh? We don’t have to do anything more than that if you don’t want to.” 



She nods to herself as she steps around the corner seeing each other for the first time other than the pictures they both put on their profile. He was lying in bed she estimates around 6-foot-tall man in his mid 20’s, wearing blue jeans and a black t-shirt. No socks on, his hand propped behind him as he leans back on the headboard the remote in the other hand. His hair was brown and short, his eyes have this blue hue that reminds her of the ocean. His eyes look at her as she stands there in her coat playing with her purse strap.



His eyes are filled with lust as he looks at her, she’s only 5’3 in her early 40’s, her brown jacket and blue jeans with a cute little white purse. Her hair all done up; her makeup accentuates her face. She sets her purse down as she reaches for the zipper of her coat. Unzipping it he sees her top, it’s a very nice sweater and under that is a long sleeve shirt. As she turns to face him his dick twitches a little when he sees her standing there in front of her at the end of the bed. She pulls the sweater off to show her shirt underneath, it’s just a red long sleeve shirt. But his eyes look past that and see her breasts, they look to be around B-C-cup range, the shirt is tight to her body as it only enhances her. 



“So?” she spins around to give him a better view. “You look amazing, are you sure you're in your 40’s? You could be a college girl.” he says with a smile sitting more straight up in the bed. “Well, you certainly are a charmer huh.” her face blushing. She walks to the other side of the bed and sits down; he scoots over to give her space and room. 



Getting into the bed she kicks off her shoes and lays down, leaning against the headboard like him. “Thank you.” she says. “For what?” he asks turning down the tv volume. “For being nice and understanding, I haven’t been with a man in a long time.” she looks down, playing with the hem of her shirt. 



“Well, you are cute. But hey, no pressure ok I mean it. I don’t want you to do anything you don’t want to.” His head turning towards her. “Besides, who knows what will happen. We can take it one thing at a time, nice and slow, ok?” 



She nods, “Yea, that sounds good.” Her face turns to him as she gets off the bed and heads towards the mini fridge, her eyes automatically look at his crotch, she can see a small bulge there her thighs get moister as her mouth dries up a little. Licking her lips she blushes and looks at the fridge. Opening it up she can see some random beverages inside it, pulling out a can of Mt. Dew he looks at her, “Thirsty?” holding up the can towards her. “More than you know.” her thoughts invade her mind. Leaning forward she takes the can from him and opens it; she’s not a huge soda drinker but she needs something right now.



Grabbing a can for himself he walks back towards his side of the bed and gets back in, sipping on the soda then setting it on the bedside table. Shes does the same, the sugar hit’s her lips as she shakes her head. “Wow, that’s got a kick.” she burps slightly as he chuckles at her. “I don’t normally drink soda.” she takes another sip then sets it on her bedside table. 



“So, you're a software engineer?” she asks.



He nods as he gets more comfortable on the bed, “Yea I went to college and got a I.T. degree, didn’t know what I wanted to do. Just wanted to work with computers you know?” he’s now laying on his side facing her, his head in his hand. “I enjoy the job; I have only been there for a short time. I started as an intern at first, but now that I finished school, they hired me full time. You?”



She looks down at his face as his eyes look into her, her heart races. “Well, I worked as a teacher for awhile but the money wasn’t good enough anymore, so I had to get a secretary job instead. Nothing fancy, answering phones all day and setting up meetings. Generic corporate stuff.” Her body heats up as she looks into his eyes, its like they are melting away her nerves.



“Thats cool, so like what did you teach?” he asks, his hand slowly inches across the bed. “Third graders mostly. I wanted a high school teaching position, but nothing was available, so I went with elementary. They are just as bad as the highschoolers don’t let anyone fool you.” she starts to ramble on about her days of teaching as his hand slides over hers. She stops mid-sentence and looks down to see his hand in hers. They lock eyes for a few moments, leaning down she gently kisses his lips. Pulling away, a smile is across both of their faces. His hand grabs her as he leans up, taking your head into his other hand he leans in and this time his lips connect with hers for longer. His soft lips caressing hers, his tougne slowly parts her lips and enters her mouth. They mingle together as he climbs on top of her, sliding her body down on her back. Him sitting over her, his lips locked with hers.



Using her hands raise up and touch his back, feeling it up and down. His back is rock solid, as he moves, she can feel his muscles move under his skin. Tracing her fingers over the shirt where the muscles on his back are, her body heats up more. Giving back to him she meets his kissing to match, her tongue now darts into his mouth. Not leaving his lips, she uses her body to roll him over onto his back as she climbs on top of him, her intimate area pressing against his, she can feel his bulge growing and twitching under his jeans. Moving her hips slightly over his jeans her hands grasp his hair, their kissing turning into a more intense one. Her hips rock back and forth, her breathing increases, her heart races. She squeezes his head and hair and her mouth presses into his, her body tenses up as her private area starts to pulse, she feels a small wave across her body as it stiffens up. As the wave calms down, she breaks from his lips.



Sitting on top of him she pulls off her shirt, revealing to him her lacy black bra. His hands explore her sides, running up them. Shes got some fat but not a lot. His hands feel like magic as they are warm on her sides, a shiver runs up her spine. His hands exploring what they can reach as they make their way to their destination. Feeling the lacey bra underneath his hands, gently massages them as he plays with the nipple that is poking just a bit. His thumbs circle and gently play with the bit that’s poking out, causing her body to heat up even more. 



Using her hands she places them on top of his as he plays with her breasts, helping him out pressing his hands more firmly onto her. He takes note as she releases her hands, reaching behind her unhooking the bra it falls forward as he releases his hands. Throwing the bra off the bed and onto the floor, his hands go back to her breasts. She lets out a gasp as his hands explore her naked breasts, his fingers twisting and circling her nipples. Her hips sway back and forth more as he hands brace against his chest, his hands causing her body to turn into fire. Taking note from before he gets more aggressive with his hands, squeezing the breasts in his hands. His fingers pulling and playing with her nipples, her wetness grows more and more to the point she can now smell how turned on she is right now. A small wave of pleasure crashing over her body as she gives out a little. His hands removing from her breasts her breathing increasing. 



She smirks as she slides down his body, her breasts pressing back and forth against his chest. Giving him a good view of it, she then slides up until her breasts are in his face. Pressing down into his face smothering him with them, his mouth trying to catch her nipples in his mouth. When he succeeds her mouth opens wide, “Fuck.” he sucks on one of her nipples while her other breast is being playing with his hand. Not choosing one over the other he goes back and forth, his tongue flicking the nipple, his teeth barely sinking into them. Her body ignites as she releases her first real orgasm, her whole body shakes violently as he continues to suck and play with her breasts. 



As the apex of the orgasm hits, she lifts up from him and slides down his body, hungerly she reaches for his jeans button. Undoing it she franticly wants his pants off now. He lifts his ass as she slides his jeans down, he kicks them off as they hit the ground. Her eyes locked onto his member, lowering her body down she licks the top of his dick. Tasting the small amount of precum she smiles, “Tastes good.” she whispers to him seductively. Going back down she uses one hand to hold the base of his shaft while her mouth just takes the tip in, gently swirling her tongue around the head as she flicks it between the opening on top of it. Her lips soft, her mouth moist. He moans as he closes his eyes relaxing, “Just relax let me take care of you now.” she says as she rubs her breasts against his rock-hard dick, taking his dick between her breasts she rubs up and down on his shaft. Slowly spitting on it his dick to help lube it as it slides between her breasts and into her mouth. 



He moans more as he clearly is enjoying it, taking her que, she moves back and then takes more of his dick into her mouth. His mouth opens as he gasps and mouths the words “Oh my god.” smiling as she takes his rock-hard member into her mouth she tries to take more but with little experience lately she can’t deepthroat him. He doesn’t care, his face is full of pleasure and a smile that’s wider than his face. Taking joy in giving him pleasure she gets more tense, sucking on the tip as she flicks and swirls her tongue around it. His body twitches as his head are very sensitive. Using that she grabs his shaft with her hand and strokes him while she sucks harder on his head. His hips lifting into the air as she releases her suction and strokes him hard. His body tenses up as he grabs the bedsheets. His dick stiff in her hands as she stops and let’s go, his hips fall to the bed as he lets go of the sheets, his chest is moving up and down fast as he is catching his breath. 



As she smiles at him, his face is that of confusion and lust. As she slides off his body and standing up at the foot of the bed, she slides her jeans down revealing a matching pair of panties to her bra. Her body is stunning for her age, a few wrinkles here and there natural signs of ageing but otherwise perfect. His dick twitches as he watches her undress in front of him, his eyes locked onto her panties as she slides them off. Her trimmed bush on display to him as he catches a glint from the moistness that as dripped down her legs.



She climbs back onto the bed as she climbs over him, reaching his face her lips kiss his, “Eat me.” she demands as she bites on his ear. Without another word he lifts her up off her and flips her on her back, on top of her now he kisses her lips and then down her chin, then her neck, to her breasts. Making sure to massage them and suck on the nipples as she pushes his head down, “Just eat me now.” she demands as her breathing intensifies. His face moves down her body to between her legs, she can feel his breath against her. It feels cooler vs how hot she is. His hands explore her legs and thighs as she spreads open for him giving him all the access he needs. She looks down to see his face vanish between her legs as she feels something soft and wet touch her. Her head flopping backwards as her back arches, his tongue sliding between her lips and to her clit as he circles it with his tongue. Her body reacting as she grips his hair with one hand and plays with her breasts with the other. 



Using his hands to spread her open more to give full view of her little pink clit. Taking it into his mouth gently sucking on it. His teeth gently bites down on it as he licks the top of her clit. Her back arches more as she grips his hair with all her might using two hands now, “Yes, yes yes, right there.” her chest breathing hard as she feels something. He continues working his tongue, his fingers now finding their way into her put her over the edge as she squeezes her thighs around his head hard as she can as her whole body quivers and shakes. Her grip on his hair is tight as she pulls on it, the wave of pleasure that’s crashing over her body, sending waves that start from her clit and radiate out from it, boucing inside her. More and more it grows, his mouth not stopping, her body feels like it’s about to lift off as she clamps down one more time and lets out a loud scream, “OH MY GOD!!!!!” as she does her grip on his head with her hands and thighs release as she squirts a tiny amount from her pussy and onto his face. As his head lifts from between her legs, she has one thing to say. “Fuck me. Take me. Make me yours.”



He smiles as he slides up between your legs, his stiff member pressing against her pulsating pussy. Grabbing his dick, he guides it to her opening, as he presses, she can feel his big mushroom tip trying to penetrate her tight unused hole. As she relaxes, he pushes past that barrier, a small gasp leaves her lips as she relaxes. Feeling it now sliding into her wet pussy stretching it out somewhat. She can feel him pressing against her walls on the inside. Her hands reaching for his face as he leans down, grabbing his face she pulls him into her. Her wet soft lips press into his with lust, her tongue exploring inside his mouth. Feeling him slowly thrust in and out of her, feeling him pressed against inside her. His rock-hard dick hitting a spot inside her that she didn’t know existed, every time he hits it her body tenses up. 



Breaking the kiss for a second, “Deeper, fill me, use me.” she whispers to him, her words filled with lust.



He breaks the kiss as he pulls out of her, “Get on your knees.” without hesitation she flips over and gets on her knees, her ass up in the air towards him. Using his knees he positions himself behind her, his warm soft hands grabbing her hips as he effortlessly slides back into her. A whole new sensation inside her as she can feel him even deeper. His face pressed into the bed he starts to slowly thrust in and out of her, her body reacting and pushing back against him matching his thrust, “I said, deeper.” turning her head enough for him to hear.



Feeling a change in pace he grips her hips harder as he thrusts hard into her with enough force that it pushes her foward slightly. She pushes back into him trying to get him deeper, each push his balls slap against her clit as she feels and hear him slam into her. His pace quickens as he starts to fuck her harder and harder. Her breathing intensifying with each thrust, “Yes, yes,yes….yes….yes…” she can only say one thing as her mind is filled with pleasure, all the matters is this young thick cock inside her pussy. Using her, pounding her, she wants it, she wants it all. 



Her body tenses up as her pussy grips down on his dick, his dick feels like it’s growing more inside her. Her body reaches climax clamping down on him, he doesnt stop but increases his pace. His body slamming into hers, the bed hitting the wall with each thrust. Her moaning in pleasure and ecstasy. “Fill me, give me your seed, breed me!”



With a final thrust he buries his dick as deep as he inside her, she feels his dick pulse as it spurts out its thick hot white cum inside her. Sending her over the edge she screams in ecstasy lifiting her body up by her hands, he contines to pound her. Each thrust sending a wave across her body, mergeing with the others. Each thrust, each wave enhancing the previous ones. Her body gives out as she releases again, another orgasm rushes across her body as she gives up and lays flat on her chest. He pulls out, juices from both parties mixed and falls onto the bed. Pooling between her legs she can feel the dampness of the sheets against her skin. He sits on his knees behind her, his breath heavy. Trying to catch it. 



Her on the bed doing the same, “That….that…was…wow…” catching her breath she flips over, her body like jello. As she using her arms to prop herself against the headboard. Looking down in the middle of the bed is a giant wet spot, he smiles as they both look at it. He gets off the bed and stands up, stretching. His dick still semi hard, cum leaking from it onto the floor. Her body shivers, when it does she has a mini orgasm. Feeling the heat between her legs she reaches down, using her finger running he between her thighs and into her. Bringing her finger to her mouth, sliding into it. She sucks on it licking the finger clean, “Very tasty.”



He chuckles as he walks into the bathroom, turning the shower on. She hears him open the shower door, then peaking his head out of the bathroom. 



“Well, you going to join me?” 




































