The demons returned to the palace with a handful of prisoners, their bodies broken and bleeding, their minds shattered and destroyed, their souls belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. They were taken to the chambers below the palace, each level filled with the screams of humans, their voices echoing through the halls, their pleas for death falling on deaf ears, their bodies twisted and contorted, their flesh torn and bleeding, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

Some were being slowly eaten alive, their flesh ripped and torn, their blood splattering across the floor, their screams echoing through the halls, their bodies twitching and jerking, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

Others were being tied to torture racks, their bodies stretched and pulled, their flesh torn and ripped, their bones cracking and splintering, their screams echoing through the halls, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

Some were being lit on fire, their flesh burning and blistering, their skin peeling and melting, their screams echoing through the halls, their bodies writhing and twisting, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

The demons dragged the prisoners to a massive hold cell, their bodies broken and bleeding, their minds shattered and destroyed, their souls belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. The men huddled against the back wall of the cell, their bodies bloody and barely alive, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to the demons, and to the demons alone.

The demon dogs stuck their heads through the bars, their jaws snapping, their drool splattering across the floor, their eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, their bodies low and slinking, their tails lashing behind them, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death.

They did not dare enter the cell, fearing the wrath of their mistress, their bodies trembling with fear, their tails tucking between their legs, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.

The men heard the clicking of heels on the cold stone floor, the sound echoing through the halls, the sound of their doom approaching, the sound of their fate sealed by the whims of their mistress, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

The demon dogs slowly backed away, their bodies melting into the shadows, their eyes glowing in the darkness, their claws and fangs glinting in the moonlight, their tails lashing behind them, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death.

One of the men left the huddle to see what was happening, his body trembling with fear, his eyes wide and fearful, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.

He got too close to the bars, and Mistress Nyx's arm shot out, her hand grasping his head, her fingers digging into his flesh, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"I love the taste of terror and fear," she purred, her tongue licking her lips, her breath hot and heavy, her body pressing close to his, her breasts brushing against his chest, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire.* "You will be my snack."*

She ripped him through the bars, his body tearing and shredding, his flesh ripping and tearing, his bones cracking and splintering, his blood splattering across the floor, his screams echoing through the halls, his body twitching and jerking, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.

She devoured his head in one bite, her teeth sinking into his flesh, her jaws crushing his skull, her throat bulging with his flesh, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

She licked her fingers clean, her tongue darting out, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises. "Which one of you humans wishes to speak for the rest, hmmm?"*

Her voice purred in a seductive way, her body pressing close to the bars, her breasts brushing against the cold and hard metal, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

If it weren't for the fact that they had just witnessed their friend being murdered and eaten, the men would have been aroused by the sight of her beauty, her body perfect and flawless, her skin smooth and unblemished, her hair long and silky, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

One of them men steps forward out of the huddle as he slowly inches his way towards Nyx his body trembles with each step. As he hears closer to her he can see more of her being revealed into the light. As he gets close enough but out of reach of her he says.

"I...I....I...will sp..sp..sp..speak for...t.t.t.t.them."

His voice waivers. As Nyx retracts her arm she then steps back from the cell bars. Her hips sway back and forth as her wings seem to shrink so they don't hit the walls.

"So, there is still someone brave amoung you humans."

She purrs in a glow growl, her lips start to drool as she can smell his fear exciting her. As the man steps closer to the bars his body shakes uncontrollably. He's lured to the bars as he stands next to them

Nyx slowly steps forward as she leans down to eye level with the man.

"What do you desire little human."

She smirks as her hips sway back and forth side to side in a rhythmic pattern.

"Do not worry human. I won't put you under a trance. I want you to experience me with all your human emotions."

She leans in and as she does the man also does as they lock lips. Her lips are the softest thing he has ever touched. They seem to almost hug him, comfort him as he sticks his tounge into her mouth. Exloring her mouth he cuts his tounge as some blood drips in her mouth. She pulls away as a string of saliva sticks between them like a noodle.

*Tasting the blood she smiles. A gruesome demon servants walks over with a limp as he uses his keys to unlock the cage *

Nyx steps inside the men push themselves against the back wall as much as they can to get any distance they can. She slowly steps towards the man she just kissed as she spins in him around. Standing towering above him her hands resting firmly on his shoulders she cradles him as she pulls him into her body. The heat of her is comforting.

"So, would you sacrifice their lives to save your own."

The other men all look in fear as the man she cradles stares at them. His mind is torn, do you kill your friends to survive or do you not betray your own kind.

The man tries to speak but can't as he falls to his knees sobbing.

"Useless."

As the man falls to his knees his head in his hands sobbing away. Nyx kicks her foot right through the man's chest. Blood exploding from him covering his men. His body falls lifeless to the ground. As Nyx turns around. Leaving the cell door open she fades away down the dark hallway. The men only hear the clicking on her heels as the sound grows more and more faint.

The examine the body of they friend, no pulse. They all nod to each other and rush to the open cell door. As they make their way outside into the hallway they hear strange noises in the darkness. Growling and snarls. As one by one a pair of red eyes are seen in the darkness as the demon dogs emerge from the shadows. Surrounding the men they pounce on them. Torches flicking as the blood from the bodies splatter on the wall. In the shadow from the torch you see the demon dogs pounce the men. Limbs flying everywhere. As the darkness envelops them then torch goes out. And as the last scream of the men are stuffed out the men's souls now belong to her forever gets. Eternity of pain awaits them.*

The man stepped forward out of the huddle, his body trembling with each step, his eyes wide and fearful, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. He inched his way towards her, his breath coming in short and ragged gasps, his heart pounding in his chest, his hands shaking, his knees weak, his body betraying him, his mind screaming at him to run, to flee, to save himself, but his feet moved of their own accord, drawn to her like a moth to a flame, like a lamb to the slaughter, like a human to his doom.

As he got closer to her, he could see more of her being revealed in the light, her body perfect and flawless, her skin smooth and unblemished, her hair long and silky, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"I...I...I...will s...s...sp...speak for...t.t.t.t.them," he stammered, his voice wavering, his words barely audible, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of fear and terror, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone.*

Mistress Nyx retracted her arm and stepped back from the cell bars, her hips swaying back and forth, her wings shrinking so they didn't hit the walls, her body moving with a seductive and hypnotic grace, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"So, there is still someone brave among you humans," she purred, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

The man stepped closer to the bars, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. He stood next to the bars, his body pressed against the cold and hard metal, his eyes wide and fearful, his breath coming in short and ragged gasps, his heart pounding in his chest, his hands trembling, his knees weak, his body betraying him, his mind screaming at him to run, to flee, to save himself, but his feet remained rooted to the spot, drawn to her like a moth to a flame, like a lamb to the slaughter, like a human to his doom.

Mistress Nyx slowly stepped forward, her body moving with a seductive and hypnotic grace, her hips swaying back and forth, her wings shrinking so they didn't hit the walls, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"What do you desire, little human?" she smirked, her voice a low and seductive purr, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

"Do not worry, human. I won't put you under a trance. I want you to experience me with all your human emotions," she leaned in, her body pressing close to his, her breasts brushing against his chest, her nipples hard and erect, her pussy dripping with desire, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.*

The man leaned in, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to Mistress Nyx, and to her alone. Their lips locked, his tongue darting out, exploring her mouth, his blood dripping into her mouth, his tongue cutting on her sharp teeth, his blood mixing with her saliva, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and pleasure, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

Mistress Nyx pulled away, a string of saliva sticking between them like a noodle, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

A gruesome demon servant limped over, his body twisted and deformed, his skin pale and sickly, his eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, his lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, his voice low and guttural, his words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

He used his keys to unlock the cage, the sound of the metal grating against the lock, the sound of the door creaking open, the sound of the men's screams echoing through the halls, the sound of their fate sealed by the whims of their mistress, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

Mistress Nyx stepped inside, the men pushing themselves against the back wall, their bodies trembling with fear, their eyes wide and terrified, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

She slowly stepped towards the man she had just kissed, her body moving with a seductive and hypnotic grace, her hips swaying back and forth, her wings shrinking so they didn't hit the walls, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

She spun him around, standing towering above him, her hands resting firmly on his shoulders, cradling him, pulling him into her body, the heat of her comforting, the softness of her skin, the scent of her, the taste of her blood on his tongue, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and pleasure, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

"So, would you sacrifice their lives to save your own?" she purred, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

The other men looked on in fear, their eyes wide and terrified, their bodies trembling, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone. The man she cradled stared at them, his mind torn, his heart breaking, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

He tried to speak, his voice a choked and broken whisper, his words barely audible, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of betrayal and loyalty, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

"Useless," Mistress Nyx hissed, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her body moving with a swift and deadly grace, her hand lashing out, her foot kicking through the man's chest, his body exploding in a shower of blood, his life force draining away, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

The man fell to his knees, his head in his hands, his body wracked with sobs, his mind filled with thoughts of betrayal and despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone. Mistress Nyx turned away, leaving the cell door open, her footsteps fading into the darkness, the sound of her heels clicking on the cold stone floor, the sound of her laughter echoing through the halls, the sound of her victory, the sound of her triumph, the sound of her reign of terror, the sound of her soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

The men examined the body of their friend, their hands shaking, their eyes wide and terrified, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone. They nodded to each other, their bodies moving with a desperate and frantic energy, their minds filled with thoughts of escape and survival, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

They rushed to the open cell door, their bodies pressed against the cold and hard metal, their hands shaking, their eyes wide and terrified, their minds filled with thoughts of death and destruction, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone. They stepped out into the hallway, their bodies trembling, their eyes wide and fearful, their minds filled with thoughts of escape and survival, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

They heard strange noises in the darkness, the growling and snarling of the demon dogs, the sound of their claws scraping against the stone floor, the sound of their breath, hot and heavy, the sound of their hunger, the sound of their desire, the sound of their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

One by one, a pair of red eyes emerged from the shadows, the demon dogs surrounding them, their bodies low and slinking, their claws and fangs glinting in the moonlight, their eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, their minds filled with thoughts of blood and violence and death, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

They pounced on the men, their bodies ripping and tearing, their claws and fangs sinking into flesh, their jaws snapping, their teeth tearing, their hunger insatiable, their desire unquenchable, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

Torches flickered, the light casting shadows on the walls, the blood splattering against the stone, the screams of the men echoing through the halls, their bodies twisting and writhing, their minds filled with thoughts of pain and suffering, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

The darkness enveloped them, the torch going out, the last scream of the men fading away, their souls belonging to her forever, an eternity of pain awaiting them, their minds filled with thoughts of torment and despair, their bodies broken and bleeding, their lives forfeit, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

Mistress Nyx's laughter echoed through the halls, her voice a low and seductive purr, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her body moving with a triumphant and victorious grace, her soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

The men's souls were hers, their minds broken and shattered, their bodies torn and twisted, their lives forfeit, their eternity belonging to her, their pain and suffering, their torment and despair, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

Nyx climbs back up to the ground floor of her palace leave the catacombs under her palace were humans are being tortured.

He sees Irvin walking up to her. The hole is his chest that once contained his beating heart is a black void. As he steps to nyx her body towering over him.

*Dropping to his knees he bows his head till it touches the ground his arms splayed out in front of them, fully worshipping her *

"Have I proven my loyalty Mistress."

Irvin says his face buried in the stone floor.

"Yes, my loyal servant. You have done well. I will return your heart."

Irvin lifts his body as he slowly stands up. He has to look up at her, her breasts bouncing with every breathe. Her beauty is alluring, he must resist the temptation.

Nyx calls for her imp to bring her Irvin's heart. As Irvin sighs with relief.

"Thank you mistress."

As her eyes lock onto his, she stands proud as her dominance is on full display. Her body exudes power and lust. As Irvin stares deeply into Nyx's he starts to get lost. As he slowly walks towards her his snapped out of his trance.

Flapping of the imp can be heard up the hall as he has the heart in his feet claws he drops it into Nyx's open hand as he flys off.

"Now, your heart as promised."

She rams it into his void in his chest as the heart reattaches itself to Irvin's body. It starts to beat as the warmth returns to his body. His mind is freeing from her trance.

"Now, you have your heart."

Nyx leans down to whisper in his ear

"What else do you desire?"

She licks his ear as her breasts sway in front of him. Irvin slowly reaches out for her breasts but stops before it. Shaking his head

"I must resist. I will serve you. But I do not wish to be controlled. I proved my loyalty to you. Allow me to have free will."

Nyx straightened back up looking down at Irvin she crosses her arms in front of her as she considers his proposal.

"Verl well human. You have proven yourself to me. You have betrayed your own kind for your own survival. You shall be my champion. You will lead my armies. I will grant you free will....but hear this."

Her tone becomeing more sinister and serious.

"If you fail or betray me I will personally make you suffer a thousand deaths, and then a thousand more after that. Each one more painful then the rest. Never allowing to full know the meaning of peace in death"

Mistress Nyx climbed back up to the ground floor of her palace, leaving the catacombs beneath where humans were being tortured and tormented, their screams and pleas for mercy echoing through the dark and dank corridors, their souls belonging to her, and to her alone.

As she stepped into the grand hall, her eyes fell upon Irvin, one of her most loyal and devoted servants, his body twisted and deformed, his skin pale and sickly, his eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, his lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, his heart ripped from his chest, a black void where it once beat, his body a testament to the power and cruelty of his mistress, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

Irvin dropped to his knees, his body trembling, his head bowed, his arms splayed out in front of him, his forehead touching the cold and hard stone floor, his body aching with the need to worship and serve his mistress, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and pleasure, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

"Have I proven my loyalty, Mistress?" he whispered, his voice a choked and broken plea, his words barely audible, his body shaking uncontrollably, his mind filled with thoughts of death and destruction, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

Mistress Nyx towered over him, her body perfect and flawless, her skin smooth and unblemished, her hair long and silky, her eyes glowing with a malevolent and hungry light, her lips curling into a cruel and sadistic smile, her voice low and seductive, her words dripping with dark and twisted promises.

"Yes, my loyal servant. You have done well. I will return your heart," she purred, her voice a low and seductive growl, her lips starting to drool, her nostrils flaring as she smelled his fear, his terror, his despair, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.*

Irvin lifted his body, his muscles aching, his bones creaking, his heart beating once more, his mind filled with thoughts of life and death, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone. He stood tall, his body a testament to the power and cruelty of his mistress, his eyes locked onto hers, his mind filled with thoughts of pain and pleasure, his soul belonging to her, and to her alone.

Nyx smirks at Irvin as she spins around to walk away, her heals click on the floor with each step. Her movements are hypnotic but Irvin resists the temptation as he follows her. Upon arriving into her throne room her skeleton guards stand at attention as she walks by them one by one making her way up the lush black carpet thats been soaked in blood. Irvin tries to follow Nyx as the first to skeleton guards turn to block his path, they lower their spear and guard with their shields their bones creak as they turn clattering against their lose fitting armor. 

Nyx turns around as she softly speaks, “Let him pass my dears he will be my lovely general and servant.”
The skeletons move out his way as they all show him the same respect as their mistress Nyx. Irvin walking past them their eye holes void of emotion as they stand sentinal their bodies and face showing lifeless expressions. Carefully working his way up the blood soaked carpet he loses his footing as he slip falling towards the ground trying to catch him he grabs the arm of one of the skeletons as it pops off he falls to the ground holding the arm of the skeleton, he throws it away as they do not react.

Nyx amused with her new General Irvin and loyal servant she continues her way up the steps made of human bones creaking under each step she makes her way to the top of her glorious bone throne. Splaying her wings out she slowly sits down crossing her legs as she holds her hand out. Out of the shadows her imp comes in struggling to carry a glass in its claws. Nyx getting annoyed at how long it’s taking she snaps her fingers as the imp growls in pain. It’s pace quickens as it uses all it’s strength making it eventually to her he sets it in her palm as the imp passes out falling to the ground like a stone. Nyx chuckles as she pours some of the crimson liquid out from the glass falling on top of the passed out imp on the ground soaking it in its thick red liquid.

Nyx chuckles to herself as she takes a sip from the glass, Irvin looking up at her Mistress. He asks “What may you ask of me Mistress Nyx?” 

Savoring the taste of the liquid it slowly slides down her throat the velvet texture filling her. She lowers the glass from her lips, as a small drop of blood drips from the corner of her lip. Sticking her tounge out to lick it off her face she looks down with a wicked grin. Launching off the throne towards the ground a gush of wind from her enormous wings surges through the throne room as the clattering of bones from the skeleton guards rattle. Landing gently on the ground in front of Irvin she kneels down to his eye level.

“You my General” her finger gently runs down his bare chest and circles the scared over skin where his heart was put back in. “You will lead my army as requested. But first….you must pay the ultimate price.”


“What is that Mistress?” Irvin asks his eyes locked onto hers. 


Leaning closer to his face her warm breath blowing gently on his ear whispering, “This.”

She stabs him in the back with her boney wings tips impaling him from behind. Using her massive strength she easily lifts Irvin into the air holding him up only by her wings. Blood slowly starts to fill her wings as they turn a cherry red, acting as needles her hollow bone injects a thick red liquid into his back. The pain extreme as quickly as it came it subsided, morphing into pleasure and desires. Keeping her promise she maintains his free will but turning his body into something more fit and worth to lead her armies of the damned. His body cracks and twists as it morphs first his legs, touching the floor equal in height to his mistress. Soon, his arms to match then his upper body, his muscles grow as his strenght becomes inhuman. Removing her wings from his back the holes left behind start to ooze blood. Thick as tar it slowly covers his body from head to toe hardening more and more. Closing his eyes he relaxes as he trusts her, holding his breath for as long as he can. His body jerks as he gasps for air, slowly suffering and suffocating a tear forms in his eye as the light fades. His mind falls down an endless void. For what feels like an etnerity of falling he slowly gives into the void. His mind empties as it’s replaced with a warm sensation. His eyes quickly open as he is standing in front of Nyx, alive. He panics his body now changed, covered in a thick bone. Acting as his prison as well as his sheild. His size and weight are almost to much for the stone floor, cracking slightly. He shifts around his body acting to his thoughts and commands. 


Nyx smirks at her new champion, almost like a proud mother. He stands there his breathing heavy with each exhale, almost hot enough to light the surrounding cloth on fire. Examining Irvin as she gently runs her finger over his boney body, feeling the curves, the cold nature, the hardness of it. The thought of using him to her bidding excites the fire in her purple eyes. His eyes though…she thinks to herself. A deep red, thick…almost lava like. The heat from them burns as hot as between her legs. She slowly starts to grind against him with her body. Feeling ever sharp edge, every curve, the way it moves with his breathing. Before she lets herself go she stops, looking into his eyes. Her lips inches from his skinless face, replaced with a bone skull. Her gaze into his eyes, him looking foward standing attention. Her lips slowly easing towards his face. Her breath blowing against his face, her eyes glazed over with desire. She wants her new toy, her perfect perfect perfect toy. Her desires are burning inside her. 


Stepping back from Irvin she composes herself. Tilting her head to the side, her hand resting on her chin.


“Missing something…..”


Tapping her chin, she snaps her fingers with what is missing.


Closing her eyes a black swirl spins at her feet growing as it climbs up her body, lighting forming inside as it spins faster and faster. Uttering an encantation the swirl fades between black and red. The lighting growing louder and louder as it crackles inside the swirling vortex. Finishing the encantation the swirling vortex explodes in all directions blowing out all the light in the room. The darkness, setting in as the glowing eyes of Irvin and Nyx pirece the room. As the light slowly returns her glorious throne made of bones has vanished. Appearing in between them floating in midair is a giant mace made of bone. Irvin reaches out as he firmly grips the bone shaft of the mace. His new strenght allows him to weild this new weapon 

“Xelferos, The Hammer of the Damned.” 

A red aura emits from the mace rushing up the arm of Irvin hes engulfed in it’s power, the weight of the world bearing down on him. It’s almost as if someone turned up the gravity, it slowly grows getting heavier and heavier. His knee buckles but doesnt hit the ground. The mace unmoving Irvin grips it tighter. Fighting the gravity and weight his armor starts to shift around his body growing in size as his body does. His arms bulging as the pain from the mace’s aura burns him. Nyx standing there watching the events unfold. She waves her guards away. One by one they fade into the darkness of the walls. The throne room cleared out she circles Irvin.


“Irvin my Champion, do you have the convition. The strenght, the will, the desire, the lust to resist the damned. This hammer, was once wielded by the king of the damned. Those who are not deemed worthy will get crushed under their own weight of power. Using your own strenght and weaknesses against it, it burrows deep into your soul. Burning away your humanity.”


The room grows darker as the light from the aura is the only thing filling the air around them in a red hue, Irvin struggling. Every time he gains ground the mace fights back knocking him down. 


“You wish to keep that humanity, then fight. Show me your true desires, your true self.”


Nyx’s purple eyes fade and appear around the room as she speaks her voice echoing into his own mind and soul.


“Rise my Champion!”


With one final push Irvin pushes back as his body cracks and bleeds. His eyes glowing more red as they heat up. Flames erupt from in between his bone armor shooting towards the ground he screams out in rage lifting the mace higher into the air his entire body engulfed in a flame so intense the very stone around him melts. 


“I am Irvin, Champion of the Damned. Your future king!”


Rasing the mace above his head he slams it down into the ground causes volcanos over the world to erupt all at once. The smoke bellowing out filling the air with a thick black smoke. What light was remaining slowly being snuffed out. The mace’s bone exterior shatters revealing its true form. It’s sleek shiny metal shaft glides through his hands with ease as he swings it around. The head of the mace turning into a giant spiky ball as it slowly ignites into a ball of fire. Breaking the mace’s dominace over him he now controls it.


“Mistress, I have been Reborn. I will be your future king.”


The light of the room returns as the stone around him reforms into stone once again. The heat of the room dying down as the demons return from the shadows. The smoke from the volcanos slowly receed back revealing some light once again. Standing up he turns to leave the throne room. Each step melts the ground he walks on but quickly cooling hardening into the shape of his foot. Marching his way through the palace towards the out gates lines and lines of skeletons and demons form ranks behind him. Finally standing at the gates to the outside he makes one final look back over his shoulder. His mace resting aginast his shoulder he points out towards the landscape. A stream of skeletons of every shape and size march out in sync each step shaking the ground. As the very earth opens up, monstrous creatures pour out some the size of buildings. Pouring out into the land his armies march out into the world their goal simple, extinguish human life.