The office was quiet as it was nearing the end of the day, the clock on the wall as Anya walks past it showing 5:05pm. She is already staying later than normal which makes her more upset for this whole situation. Nervously, she shifts from foot to foot as her heels, heavy with clicking on the tile floor, approaches Brynn’s office. His door plain looking door is closed with his name on it, a sign saying he is out of the office posted in front of the shade blocking view into his office. Standing in front of his door, small bits of light poke through the shade to indicate he is still here. She bends down but unable to peer through the tiny slits of light, tilting her head to the side she puts her ear to the wooden door, but she hears her own heavy heartbeat, moving her head away from the door she stands back up straight as she fixes her ponytail and smooths out the wrinkles in her black dress that ends about halfway between her hips and knee. Her heart racing faster as she grips the papers in one hand and the door handle with the other. “You got this.” She thinks to herself, palms sweaty as she turns the handle, opening the door slowly. Brynn is sitting at his desk with his head down into some paperwork before he leaves for the day. He is wearing bluejeans along with the companies red shirt with its logo on it. His brown leather jacket hangs on the hook along the wall behind him, his computer monitor turned off with a silly sign over it that says, “The files are in the computer?” in reference to the movie Zoolander, along with the image of the scene to match. She steps inside his office closing the door behind her carefully, his attention elsewhere as he doesn’t hear or see her come in and is startled when she slams the pile of papers on his desk over his own. Anya sees the sign over the monitor as she scoffs at such a childish movie, “Seems about right for him.” she mutters to herself as Brynn looks up to see Anya standing over him with her arms crossed. Brynn’s face with some confusion as she slams the papers in her hand onto the desk in front of him, taken back slightly he looks down at them and then back to her. 



“Hello to you to Anya.” Brynn’s eyes look at the papers, leaning back to where he was before he picks up the papers giving them a read before a grin begins to form across his lips, lowering the papers to show her. Anya’s eye twitches as he swears he can see steam coming from her ears and nose. Anya sighs as she speaks with an almost defeated tone but soon turns to annoyance and frustration as her face almost contorts while speaking, “Look, I am not happy about this…this…this…. ugh!” uncrossing her arms emoting with them, flailing them up and down as she stutters, trying to keep her anger under control. Her ponytail whipping around over her shoulders with her head shaking side to side to comprehend what is going on as she speaks, adding to the anger on her face. Slumping her shoulders down, her arms relax to her sides before she makes fists, they shake slightly as he can see the anger inside her. Taking a deep breath, she looks at him with her eyes slowly opening, raising on hand she points directly at him with one finger and then aggressively taps that finger on the papers on his desk. Brynn’s smile never changing as he remarks, “I don’t snore much anymore.” raising his own shoulders in response, the look on his face one of not caring. He knows this isn’t what she is upset about. It is about the fact they have to share a room. Her eyes widen as they pierce right through him, leaning forwards on the desk as she slams her fists down onto the table causing Brynn to jump back in his chair slightly. Leaning closer to him her, Brynn’s eyes dart down for a second down her cleavage to see a dim red fabric in the shadows. Her own eyes look down before she stands back up again, crossing her arms across her chest she gives him an evil look. “Fucking pervert.” Muttering under her breath before rubbing her temples with some of her fingers. Her lips move slowly and with precision, “You know EXACTLY why I am upset. This fucking company is too cheap to get us separate rooms for this little event they want us to do.” 



He tries to open his mouth, but she quickly stands up straight as she sticks her hand up palm towards him. She interjects, “Yes, I did talk to Brad. You know what he said?” the tone in her voice rises as her face turns more and more red, her arms crossing again as she turns sideways slightly. Her eyes close slightly, Brynn’s eyes meanwhile follow down her dress to her ass that the dress isn’t hiding. She speaks using a mocking tone in reference to Brad’s voice and tone, “Well you two are adults, ha-ha.” she then opens her eyes to see Brynn looking at her ass. She screams as she puts her hands into the air, “Fucking Pig. If this cheap ass company had a fucking HR department instead of outsourcing it to the cheapest bidder. Maybe I could do something about your pig pen you call an office and a life. Don’t get me started on how a pig’s life is outside this hellhole of a job.” 



Brynn’s face brightens more as he leans on his desk with his arms, Anya standing over him. “Well, what can I do about it? I’ll sleep in the chair how’s that princess?” Brynn says with a smile. Anya’s face gets even more red as she spins in place turning her back to Brynn before turning around to speak, she stops when he sees Brynn’s eyes looking at her ass again. 



She lets out a deep sigh before putting her fingers to her temples to rub them. “Look.” she says out of frustration trying to control the shitty predicament she is in. “If we have to do this, this…stupid thing of sharing a room. Then I have some ground rules, and you will follow them.” she steps closer to his desk, her hands firmly grasp the back of the chair in front of his desk. Pulling it slowly as her eyes look up at him, he swears she winked at some point, but his thoughts are interrupted by her pulling the chair away from his desk, walking around to the front of it. Brynn’s eyes stare at her slender legs as she sits with her legs to the side. Her hands holding the front of the dress down. She tries to push her dress down as she sits but it rides up enough that Brynn gets a peak at the matching underwear that peaked for a second. His heart speeds up slightly as he feels slightly lightheaded. His eyes look down between her legs, trying to undress more of her with his eyes, to hopefully get more then a small peak. Anya seeing his eyes dart down to look at the opening she is trying to cover she clears her throat loudly to get his attention as his eyes snap back up to her own, she stands up slightly, her dress pulling up slightly, turning the chair 90 degrees, then sitting back down as her upper body turns to face him, the tight dress causing her breasts to squeeze slightly as they push up into her chin, her arm laying across the desk resting on it. “First rule, touch me and you lose your balls. You think I’m having a laugh, then fucking try me.” her tone is more frustration and less anger at this time. Brynn opening his mouth to respond - I think your the one having the laugh Princess…I mean you walk in here with that dress on and expect what, exactly? - but Anya interjects before he can say something, “Second” she leans closer to him as he tries to not peak, gulping hard as it feels like a rock in his throat she threatens him, “If you try to peak at all, and I mean AT ALL!” she made sure to emphasize AT ALL. “I will feed your tiny dick to the first wild animal I see, I will make sure to use the most, rusty, dirty …. dull blade I can if you give me that look you just did. Fucking pig!” She pulls back from him turning her body to back. She rubs her temples again, the tone in her voice almost manic. “Is that all you men do! Undress women with your prime ape eyes? God you're so pathetic.” Brynn’s face turns white as she turns her head sideways, arms crossed over front of her, seeing beads of sweat drip down his face and neck, he clears his throat as to speak but doesn’t, his eyes focused to her own eyes. But even then, he can see her body begin to glisten, he keeps the temperate in his office higher for a reason. He watches as a bead of sweat drips down from behind her ear, down her neck and between her cleavage. Anya follows his eyes as she looks down at the bead of sweat falling between her breasts and vanishing under the clothes. She looks up at him, Brynn follows suit as he takes a big gulp. His heart beats faster, feeling his pants getting tighter in his lap. Adjusting himself by shifting in the chair, she catches a glimpse of his member making a small tent in his pants before he shifts to cover it. Her eyes narrow but then she licks her lips slightly, her own heart rate increasing, the mind races with thoughts of what may be under those jeans, what secret he harbors - Maybe he can back up his words, I mean it’s been awhile Anya right? What harm could there be? - She shakes her head clearing those thoughts out of her head, “Focus Anya” repeating in her head. As her head shakes from side to side, opening her eyes to see her own gaze meets his whose face is like a ghost as he swallows again. Hers bright red, before looking up at the clock on the wall above him showing 5:10pm, her favorite show starts its new season tonight, and these delays are making it worse. She sighs again, standing up slowly from the chair, “You sure you want to do this Anya.” thinking to herself as she turns her back to him whispering loud enough for him to hear her shaky words, “If you say a word I will walk out of this room.” reaching up behind her back, Brynn’s eyes move to follow her hands, his own breathing increases, his tent pulses slightly, a small damp spot begins to form at the tip of the tent. Her hand brushes across the metal zipper behind her neck, her gentle fingers start to pull down on the zipper, she hears Brynn quickly standing up as the chair squeaks, Anya’s head and eyes instantly spin around to look over her shoulder, as she lowers her hands from the zipper. Her eye looks down to see the small tent growing in his pants. The sight of her lowering her hands from her zipper and the fact he got caught causes him to whimper slightly before sitting back down in his chair, covering his crotch by sliding his lap under the desk and resting his arms under the table. She turns her back around, her hands making their way back up to the partly unzipped dress. “I am doing this so we can get this stupid shit over with. Obviously, you think with your cock, and I am not going to get anything out of you because your primitive male mind doesn’t have enough blood to use both of them.” 



Anya speaks with command, but Brynn notices the slight pitch in her voice, an almost shakiness to it. His gaze to her hands, slowly unzipping her dress enough to slip her arms out one keeping the dress from falling down and revealing more than she wants. She occasionally glaces back over her shoulder, to see him moving his arms slowly under his desk, a sly smile plays across her lips as she reveals more of her shoulder. Brynn watching carefully, his gaze to her small lips with ruby red lipstick. She switches sides with her gaze to the other shoulder, his heart beats faster, his tent growing more stiff, the damp spot growing, a slightly smell emanates from under the desk. Slipping both arms out now, turning her head forwards again, crossing her arms in front of her to keep the front of her dress up, she spins slowly to face him, Brynn’s heart races more as his eyes wander up her body starting with her slender legs as she turns, that’s darkened by the tan she gets every month. Her tight ass is outlined by the tight dress that leaves little to the imagination. His eyes eventually make their journey up and over to her chest, his jaw slowly dropping, his mouth drying up, as tongue slowly sticks out from his mouth. Anya’s face, bright red, reacting to his gaze before she takes a breath, “You get five seconds to look. DO NOT TOUCH. Do NOT move. I am doing this so you can stop imagining it, God men are so disgusting.” She sighs again before lowering her arms and letting the dress fall enough to expose her red lacy bra with her well-endowed breasts that seem to overfill her bra. The five seconds feel like an eternity to her as she wants this to be over, this stupid job, stupid male perverted coworkers, but only a moment to Brynn as his thoughts are more perverted as his cock begins to take over his thoughts as they focus on the soft and silky skin, the way her bra squeezes her breasts under its lacy fabric. His crotch pulses as he can feel his heart beating in his throat, the water on his palms that he wipes on his pant leg, his lips starting to crack, as his mouth begins to start drying up from his jaw dropping almost into his own lap. Anya on the other hand the opposite, she spins around with her back to him her face red as small part of her enjoyed his stare. Using one hand to keep the dress up her other behind her back but she can’t reach and grasp both sides of it to zip it. Brynn’s eyes follow the the curves of her bra that her breasts seem to want to burst out of it, the way she held herself from his gaze, making him want it more, the way her tanned skin on full display to him. His eyes narrow and widen again, the tent in his pants pulses with every beat of his thumping heart. Anya turns her head over her shoulder to see Brynn’s eyes glued to her back, his pupils begin to grow as she watches his eyes lower more down her body, “Not, a word. You hear me.” but her words fall on deaf ears as he swallows, and his hand reaches under his desk to rub across his crotch.



She sighs again as she speaks, “God hates me…” her shoulders slump down. “If you say a word about this.” she says as Brynn is heard standing up. Making his way behind her, she feels his body heat from his hands as they slowly reach for the zipper behind her. His hands brush slightly against the small of her bare skin along her back. Her body shivers slightly as grips the zipper with one hand, the other to put tension at the bottom. In doing so it lifts her dress up by accident as she panics, she lowers her arms to push her dress down but causes the zipper to zip back down and her ass to bump into his hips. Her eyes widen as she feels a slight bump. Clearing her throat as she stands back up straight slowly, at the same time taking a step away from him before turning around. Brynn’s grin is from ear to ear as his eyes are looking down at where her ass once was before turning around. He looks up as she surprises him with a hard slap across the face, she wants to yell and scream, calling him a dirty pig but something inside her refused to. Some feeling between her legs preventing her from hating what he did, “Stupid body. Stupid men.” she mutters to herself before clutching her dress in front to avoid it from falling. As she sides steps away from him and to the door, she keeps her front facing him as she steps back, she jumps slightly when she feels the cold door handle press into her bareback. 



“I’ll…. see you tomorrow, Brynn. We can discuss the plans tomorrow…I have…to…” she stops speaking before turning around as grabbing the door handle, quickly and aggressively she turns it as she swings the door wide open and almost runs out of his office, her face redder than a cherry. Brynn standing there with a half hard cock as he scratches his head and yells out, “Yea…. see you…tomorrow?”



——————————————————————————————————————————————————————-



Anya rushed out of the office gathering her coat throwing it over herself before grabbing her purse. Tapping her coat pocket, she feels her keys inside it. Making her way out of the office to the front door Brynn is standing there with his big dumb grin on his face as his eyes gaze down at her cleavage but hides it from her as he bows slightly, taking a small sniff of the air around her as he bows to her, smelling a muskier scent from her. He opens the door for her, “Ma’am.” he says opening the door. Anya stops for a second as she scoffs then hurries past him and out to her car. Brynn casually leaves the building as he locks the door behind him. Anya’s back to him as she stands next to her car door, hands fumbling around with the keys when she feels a presence behind her. Instantly she freezes like a statue, a small pressure is felt in her lower back, the feeling is muted from her coat, but it feels soft but firm, he’s slightly shorter than her as the image of the tent in his pants rushes into her mind causing her spine to shiver as the feeling and pressure moves up her spine slowly. Realizing it can’t be the tent from his pants but something else she doesn’t want to look behind her, her focus on the car as she looks down as she finds the car key, she still feels the pressure as it makes it way to the back of her neck. Anya inserts the key into the slot turning it as she steps back hard to bump into the person behind her. She doesn’t even look, just knocks them over. Jumping into her car, she locks the door, her entire body is shaking trying to get the car key into the ignition. The person slowly stands up as Anya turns her head to the left, it’s Brynn. He rubs the back of his head and then brushes the dirt and dust off his leather jacket. They lock eyes as she starts the car, the engine roars to life. Looking down at her shifter she puts it into reverse as Brynn waves at her. Anya ignores his attempts to talk to her, she peels out of the office parking lot and into the road as Brynn watches her leave.



The drive home for Anya is filled with tears, her body still shaking, her eyes constantly dart to her mirrors, the farther she gets from Brynn the better she feels right now, but there is also this feeling inside her, a feeling of excitement. Or something more? Taking a deep breath as she relaxes in her seat, the rest of the drive home is uneventful. “I can’t believe I did that…. what came over you Anya. You never did anything like that, for that pig? Why him, why now?” she says with a sigh as the tears flow down her face slowly one by one.



Brynn watched as her taillights shrunk, disappearing as her blinker flashed for a right turn. A smirk played on his lips – She'll be thinking about me all night – as a gentle breeze rustled the leaves, carrying with it a faint, muskier scent that he recognized from their little encounter in his office. He chuckled softly, reaching into his pocket for his phone. Reaching into his pocket he pulls out his phone as he opens his messages, scrolling through the list till he finds the name ‘Brad’. Opening the message he begins to type, 


“You will never believe what happened! Anya, she came into my office after hours before I was about to leave and came onto me hard! What did you tell her haha, whatever it is I love it! Keep it up, hey maybe this weekend event I can score her.”



Brynn sends the message as he gets a reply back from Brad, “No way dude! I was joking with her about sharing a room. But if you want to score, we can keep that a secret. If she asks to tell her about no budget for two rooms or two beds. I want all the deets!”



Brynn smiles wide as he reads the message and sends back an emoji of a smiley face, Brad responds with the same one. Brynn grabs his car keys from his pocket as he whistles walking to his car, it’s a black 88’ Pontiac Firebird with leather seats. Brynn stands next to his driver door as he looks down to see his pants are damp from the encounter before with Anya. Opening his door, he slides into his seat as he starts his car, the engine roars to life as he presses the gas pedal slightly to rev the engine up causing his car to shake and vibrate. He leaves the parking lot, turning his radio up louder as it plays 80’s rock station. 



Anya is the first to arrive home, she pulls into her dump of an apartment complex. As she enters the parking lot she pulls into her assigned spot. She sits for a second before turning the car off and grabbing her things. Making her way to the main door, and up the stairs to her apartment 203. She looks down the hall at the top of the stairs to see some guy pounding and yelling on someone’s door in the hallway. She lowers her head as she hurries to her door, her eyes and head tilting to the side ocassionally as the man continues to kick, punch and scream at the door. The other person yelling back on the other side, a female voice, babies are heard screaming from the mans direction. Dogs begin to bark more and more, each one causes her to jump her hands shaking as she fumbles the keys as they fall to the ground. Bending down she reaches for them as she feels something brush past her, she stands up straight and in a full blown panic she basically knocks her down off the hindges as she swings it open and slams it shut, locking the two dead bolts along with the chain and the door lock itself before she can relax and let her guard down.



Walking into her dimly lit apartment as the sun begins to hide and sleep for the night. Turning some lights on in the hall to see she takes her heels off. Next she pulls her coat off, walking into her living room, turning her light on next to the couch she tosses her coat onto the back of it before making her way to the small kitchen that has a small table with one chair, a stove, fridge and sink with one open counter spot. You could maybe fit two people in here she thinks to herself walking to her fridge and pulling out a bottle of beer. Twisting the cap off she downs the entire bottle before tossing it into the sink and letting out a loud burp, as she finishes, she starts to laugh slowly at first but, she falls to her knees and then her ass as she leans against the fridge as she lays on the cold dirty floor of her kitchen. Her head leaning against the cool metal of the fridge door, tears fall down her face as she laughs and cries at the same time. She looks down to see her black dress and her red bra under it, she scoffs as she looks away. Wiping her eyes of tears and sniffles to clear her nose, rolling onto her hands and knees as she stands up. Reaching behind her she grabs the zipper of her dress as she peels it down, images of what happened no more an hour ago in Brynn’s office flood her mind, the way his hands brushed past her bare skin. The heat from his body and breath, the damp spot in his pants from the tent that was being formed. Her body begins to get warmer as the dress falls to her feet, she stands in the kitchen with just her red lacy bra and panties to match. 



Bending down to pick up the dress she walks over to the couch tossing it without care on the back of it, next to the coat. Her head looks down at the dress - The one day I wear this stupid thing trying to be more ‘sexy’ - then at the bathroom door, “Yes please!” she mutters out loud with enthusiasm. “Time to wash his filith….” she stops mid sentence, feeling disgusted but also turned on she shakes those thoughts from her mind as she begins to walk to the door, unhooking her bra and throwing it on the ground, she rubs her breasts as they itch but stops and looks down to see her nipples are hard as a rock, slumping her shoulder as she sighs. Anya walks into the bathroom turning the light on, standing in front of the mirror topless she inspects her breasts, feeling them in her hands, see how hard her nipples are, how red her skin is getting as her body begins to warm up again, the wetness between her thighs builds again. Brynn’s hands are felt in her mind as she closes her eyes, a soft moan escapes her lips. Opening her eyes again, pushing or trying to push thoughts of Brynn’s body, his musk, the tent in his pants with the dark damp spot on his jeans. Her mind undressing him revealing his throbbing cock to her, turning to turn the shower on as she slides her panties off and sits on the toilet. Relieving herself she stands up flushing the toilet, stepping into the shower making sure to check the temperature of the water before committing to it. Closing the curtain behind her she stands in the falling water, her face directly in the way, her eyes closed as the water runs over her face. Stepping forwards the water now soaks her hair as she undoes the ponytail and sets the band on the edge of the shower. Turning around and closing her eyes, she begins to shampoo her hair, tilting her head back as the soap begins to slowly fall down her back. She is reminded of his touch once again, his hands ghostly in her mind almost moving her own hands for her down her soapy wet body. Stopping at her breasts, her head tilted back, soft moans escaping her lips. The delicate fingers gently rub the ends of her hardening nipples. The water running down off her head, down her body, her hands more firmly grasp her breasts as she moans even louder. Her mouth opens slightly as he head tilts forwards, one hand slides down her belly the other on one breast, her breathing increases more, her heart races faster. The hand that slides down her belly finds her magic spot, slipping it between her thighs as she rubs her hand up and down using the soapy water to lube her hand. Teasing herself with the hand as it gently slides up and over her sensitive area. Her eyes light up as her hand goes back in, pressing down just above her clit she begins to rub slowly with two fingers. 



Using gentle force at first but soon her lust builds even more between her legs, she looks around to find a small bottle of facial cleanser, ideas pop into her head, the desire she has inside her, the pig that turned her on. The bottle is a temporary relief, using somthing meant to clean, now used for something dirty, removing her hands from her body, she grabs the bottle feeling it in her hands, - I wonder how big he really is - she looks down as she takes a deep breath, the hot water running down her back. Lifting one leg up she precariously sets it on the tiny ledge of the shower. Bending forwards and down slightly, positioning the bottle near her wet and waiting entrance. The bottle with cap end down, she feels the warm water flow down her body, over her arms then to the bottle. The flat bottom facing her wet and ready hole, the weight of the half-filled bottle as the feeling of the hard plastic feels more like a dirty secret, a hidden desire inside, filling her more, feeling the plastic spread her hole open more causing her mouth to open slight - oh god -. Her right hand spreads her lips apart using two of her fingers. Her left hand gently slides the bottle between her lips, the water from the shower and her own lust lubes the bottle, gently at first she presses it into her opening. Meeting resistance she spreads her lips more as she gently moves the bottle up and down as it slowly moves into her. Pressing past her opening she feels the pressure of it spreading her, she lets out a loud gasp followed by a moan as she pushed it more into her. The bottle only a few inches long she starts to do shallow thrusts starting slowly at first, her fingers releasing from her lips as they move to her clit. Each thrust of the bottle sends a wave of pleasure up her body to her head, then down her spine to the back of her legs and finally her feet as they begin to curl. Her body growing more hot as she begins to sweat under the water, her breathing increases more and more. Her heart races, the bottle slams in and out of her with quick shallow thrusts, her hands pressing firmly into her clit as she rubs just around the sensitive head. 



Her moans grow louder and louder, her body tenses firmly as the bottle shoots out of her hands like a rocket, her body quivers as she braces herself on the walls of the shower, her legs quake and shiver before her knees give out. She falls to her knees hard as the pleasure slowly fades, but each wave that softens the pleasure sends mini shocks to her pulsing pussy. She can feel her own heartbeat as it pulses with pleasure, her breathing begins to lessen to normal. Her legs feel like jello as she makes her way to her feet again. Her head lightheaded as she finished rinsing her hair. Reluctantly but with a smile across her face she quickly soaps and washes her armpits, breasts, ass and crotch before shutting the water off, opening the curtain the room is filled with steam as the mirror is covered in a haze. Shivering slightly from the cooling air now that hot water is off goosebumps form along her skin, grabbing her tower she starts with her hair as she dries it thoroughly before working her way less thoroughly on her body. Once she is satisfied, hanging the towel back up as she steps out of the shower. Leaving her panties on the floor in the bathroom she walks naked through her apartment to her bedroom. Entering in her tiny room with a twin bed and overflowing clothes closet that’s more dirty clothes than clean at this point.



Her eyes widen as her heart stops for a second, she forgot to close the curtain to her bedroom this morning before work. On the other side the other apartments window, inside is the neighbors old man who likes to peak on her and she has caught him jerking a few times clearly wanting her to see him, never meeting him in person just through the window as their eyes connect. Time seems to stop as the old man sees her and her him. Time flows again as she rushes to the window with panic across her face, her big breasts bounce up and down as the boys eyes are locked to them, but it is too late, she and the old man makes eye contact again, before she sees him smile even wider this time, standing up as she shuts the curtain but gets a short glimpse of what his hand was doing as he was standing up watching her she finally lets out her breath she didn’t know she was holding. Looking down as she lets go of the curtain and stepping back, she spots something in the corner of her room to her left of the window. It’s a small cardboard box, bending down to grab it she pushes off the stuff on top of the box. Dusting it off with her hand, it’s a plain brown box with a shipping label that’s faded, “What’s this?” she thinks before opening it her eyes widen as she gasps, “I forgot I had this!” her face gets red as she lays the box down on the twin bed, she pulls out a leather whip along with leather arm cuffs with the lock and key still at the bottom of the box, they are pristine with the price tags still attached to them. “I got them one year as a gag gift from Linda. Said I would enjoy this kind of stuff, but I am not sure. I mean…whips? Cuffs? Who likes to be tied up and spanked or whipped. I mean sure Linda might be the more adventurous one but not me.” setting the items back in the box she puts the cover back on before turning around to rummage through her closet for a pair of comfy old sweatpants and a hoodie.



Dressing herself, leaving the bedroom and into the kitchen she grabs a small package of microwave popcorn as she unwraps it, throwing it into the microwave and setting the timer for 2 minutes and 30 seconds. As the microwave starts, her head looks at the fridge, walking over and opening it she grabs another bottle of beer but this time she twists the cap off and just takes a sip. The smell of popcorn fills the tiny kitchen as the kernals pop around inside. As the microwave beeps she opens it up taking the bag and beer into the living room where she turns on the tv. Setting the beer down on the coffee table along with the bag of popcorn next to it she looks around for her phone, remembering it’s still in her purse she walks over to the front door pulling it out she sees a message. Opening her phone she see’s its from Brynn, 



“Hey Anya, sorry for the scare in the parking lot. Also, this whole one room thing is crap, but I promise I’ll be a good boy. See you at work tomorrow!”



Anya turns her screen off as she scoffs, “Good boy my ass, fucking pig is more like it.” - how dare he message me like this. After what happened. Ugh…why does he make me feel utter hatred but yet…. something more, primal inside. -



Phone in hand, making her way back to the couch as she lays on her side, using her arm as it leans on the armrest of the couch. Her head in her hand as she turns the tv on to some random YouTube video. She sips on the beer at the same time munching on the popcorn. Some point during the night she fell asleep with bottle in hand the other still inside the popcorn bag. She is awoken to some yelling and running in the halls outside her apartment. Dropping the bottle as it hits the ground, she quickly leans forwards to see it is empty. Her heart beats fast at first then slows down, checking her phone as it shows 11:32pm she makes her way up leaving the bag on the couch and the bottle on the floor. Stopping by the bathroom first to relieve herself and then to the bedroom as she sets her alarm and falls flat face first on top of the mattress, her eyes close as she drifts off to sleep again only to be woken by her alarm going off at 5am.



——————————————————————————————————————————————————————-



Rolling off the bed as she reaches for her phone knocking it to the floor, her body following suit landing with a thud on the ground. Her vision hazy as she slowly blinks her eyes open, the room pitch black as the loud alarm from her phone continues to persist. Feeling around on the ground Anya feels her phone before picking it up, the bright light from the screen blinds her as she fumbles to turn the alarm off. Tossing it behind her on the bed she makes her way to her feet, the night before and the beers even two of them gave her a slight hangover as the light from the bathroom feels like it burns her retinas as she flicks the light on, making an audible hiss from her clench teeth her eyes adjusting as she lowers her arm. Turning the sink on and splashing some water on her face she sits down on the toilet for a second with her sweatpants around her ankles. Sitting there for her morning routine she opens her phone to see the time says 5:07am, letting out a yawn as her eyes slowly wake up more. The vision less blurry than before, letting out a fart into the toilet she swipes in the air as she flushes the toilet, - damn beer makes me so gassy, its why I stopped drinking so much, well that and the hangovers. Your almost 40 Anya get your act together you're not a spring chicken Anya, not like in college with Linda, party every night, different guy brought to their dorm. The sounds of them making love - as she finishes her thought the image of the box pops into her mind and how Linda was always the more, kinky.



Checking her phone her eyes widen to see the time say 5:20am, her heart races, “Shit, I am going to be late for work.” wiping herself and then standing quickly, flushing the toilet again before rushing out and to her bedroom. Rummaging through her pile of clothes in the closet she pulls out a dark grey sweater that’s very soft in her hands, brining it closer to her face as her cheek gently caresses the soft material. Looking down she spots a long skirt that matches closely to the same color as the sweater. Checking her phone again seeing the time show 5:31am her heart races and in the hurry to get dressed, the sweater smaller than she remembers but she doesn’t have time to look for anything else it is form fitting but slightly bulky as it hides everything but her cleavage. The skirt hangs down to her ankles, finding an old pair of socks she takes a sniff but her time is limited. Walking out of the bedroom in a hurry she hops on one foot at a time getting each sock on, managing to get the first one on but using the couch as leverage she slides the second one on. Looking around by the door and grabbing her purse, phone and coat, slipping into some comfy sneakers. Taking one last look at her body trying to smooth the wrinkles in the skirt her throat closes as a deer in the headlights look across her face, looking down and pulling her skirt up she forgot to put panties on in the rush to get dressed, pulling her phone out as it shows 5:43am shit mutters, “Shit.” her heart races as her head looks at the door and then her bedroom door, “Fuck it.” she grabs her things and unlocks the door. 



Entering the hallway, it is thankfully quiet this time of the morning here, only a few other tenants wander around some clearly drunk from the night before. Others coming home from working late or just starting their day like Anya. Passing by a few of them, neither her nor them make eye contact as she rushes to her car. Getting inside as she starts the car her hand once again feels where her panties should be. “God I am so stupid.” saying as she gently takes her frustration out on the steering wheel but as she looks up to see some dude pissing in front of her, his body swaying side to side, his eyes barely open. She honks the car which surprises the man as he pisses all over herself, she smiles and chuckles softly before putting the car into reverse and heads to work, pulling into the lot she sees everyone else there already as Brad and Brynn stand outside the front door having a smoke. Anya and Brynn’s eyes meet as she slowly drives past them, Brynn lifts his hand as to acknowledge her, scoffing again she looks away from him before parking her car.



She watches in the side mirror them put the smokes out and see them clearly laughing about something before they enter the office. Anya shuts the car off looking into the rearview mirror and then lowering her visor and flipping the mirror open. She sees her reflection, her makeup smeared from the night before, her hair all disheveled. Trying her best to fix her hair she can’t manage to get the few strands to stay still, frustrated she slams her fist into the horn of the car spooking her as it goes off. Shaking her head and letting out a sigh, leaning over to open the glove box and rummages through it, the clock on her dash stating 5:59am. She can’t find a spare scrunchie, - where did that thing go, God why must this always happen to me - but her thoughts are interrupted as she hears a knock on her driver window. Jumping again she spins her head to see its Annie, with her red hair and young skin, she’s a new hire, fresh from college. Leaning back and lowering the window Anya begins to mask as she smiles at Annie, “Annie, right?” the girl nods.



“Yea today is my first day, I work in sales. You and Brynn also work in that department, right?” 



Anya nods as her hand reaches for the door handle, Annie steps back as she hears the door click open. Annie is this short 5 foot, skinny fresh out of college girl. The stark contrast to Anya who looks at her, then to her own body. Anya’s face masks her true feelings as she smiles at Annie, whose bright blue eyes full of innocence. “Yea Brynn and I work together in sales.” as she speaks the wind picks up causing the bare skin under her thin skirt to form goosebumps, Annie puts her hand to her mouth as she gasps. “Let’s go inside, it’s cold out this morning.” - little does Annie know how cold I truly am right now under this skirt. - Anya thinks to herself. Nodding to her as she brushes her hair back, Annie following behind making their way to the front door. Opening it for her then heading inside the air starting to warm up as the shivers start to go away. Brad and Brynn standing at the front desk talking with the secretary, she is an old woman who has been here since the business first opened. She wears the same thing basically every day, a sundress with comfy shoes. Her permed white hair with silver glasses with a small chain attached to one of the arms of them.



Anya walks up to Brad and Brynn, as Annie follows next to her. Each step causes her red hair to bounce up and down with life, making Anya repulsed by it as Brynn sets his cup down on the counter, pulling Annie closer to him and wrapping his arm around her shoulder. “Annie, right.” looking down at it points to her, “Names Brynn and this handsome guy next to me is Brad, he runs the sales department, and I see you met my other half.” 



Anya gives Brynn a look that would kill a lesser man before hiding it and putting on a fake smile, “Yes her and I met in the parking lot.”



Brad steps away from the counter as he walks past her with Brynn taking Annie into the office his words fading as they round the corner but his laugh…that laugh sends lighting through her body as she makes a fist with her hand. The old secretary smirks with her obvious grin as she knows the fate of Annie now, she is in Brynn’s web.



Hearing Brads door close with the voice of Brynn loud but muffled behind the door, she wants to listen in but shakes her head and smile at the woman behind the desk, “Morning Beth. That girl is with…him” she says just above a whisper clearly her focus is elsewhere, her eyes locked to the closed door with muffled voices followed by muffled laughing from the men inside. The woman behind the desk nods as Anya turns her head to see the hearing aid sitting on the desk. Anya points down at it as the old woman follows, then looking up and nodding with silent words mouth from her lips, “I know.”



Anya rubs her temples and continues into the office past Brads door and then Brynn’s. The final door at the end is right next to the bathroom and is the smallest office. Opening the door to the office she walks inside, the smell from the bathroom enters past the walls that separate the two rooms. Hearing every flush, every cough, even muffled talking. Taking her coat off, the room is both too hot and too cold depending on where in the room you are standing. More cold near the walls with the pipes for the bathroom which just so happen to be where she sits, - I am glad I put this sweater on today, seems to have shrunk or have I gained weight - tossing her coat into the corner of the room she looks down lifts up her sweater as she grabs hold of some of the belly fat, “Did I expect different? I mean I am no Annie.” releasing her belly and letting her sweater fall again she sees a note on her desk she didn’t see before when she walked in. 



Walking around her desk as she sits in the cold metal chair, she is reminded again at her hurry this morning as the cold metal seeps through the thin fabric of the skirt and directly to her bare bottom. Ignoring the sensation, she focuses on the note on her desk, her hand reaching for it picking it up. She reads it as it says short sentence, “Hotel, can’t wait :).” her hand trembles as she quickly recovers, crumpling the note in her hand and throwing it in the trash can, “The arrogance of that pig. What else did you fuck with bastard. A hot new thing walks in the office and what was last night. Huh? Then…” she looks at the empty trash can except for the crumpled note at the bottom, “What was last night.” a single tear falls down her face as the feeling of jealously and rage but also hurt fills her heart. Slamming her fist on the desk her door opens at the same time, it’s Brynn and Annie.



Brynn smiles and looks at Anya, “Come at a bad time dear?”



Anya looks up to see them, she quickly tries to push her thought down keeping it from escaping her mouth, - Dear? You have some fucking nerve you damn arrogant bull-headed, self-serving prick - but instead she holds her tongue and smiles, “How may I help you, Brynn?” with an almost passive aggressive tone that Brynn notices as his head tilts back slight, Annie innocent and unaware speaks up,



“Brynn was just showing me around Anya, no need to get mad at time.” Anya’s eyes instantly lock to Annie as she slowly stands up puckering her lips before smiling, “You are right I apologize for your intrusion into MY office.” just then a toilet flushes a smell of feces begins to seep through the concrete walls and into the office. Brynn and Annie both start to sniff the air as they look at Anya, she points at the wall where the smell is coming from but they both give a look of disappointment, “Well, I will let you get back to…” Brynn looks around Anya’s office, “Whatever you were doing.” 



Annie covers her mouth trying to hide her tiny giggle as Brynn smiles and leaves with Annie shutting the door. Anya stands their mouth agape. Picking up her pen holder she throws it at the door as it bounces off it and to the floor with Anya sitting with a hard thud into her metal chair crossing her arms and putting a leg over the other as she shakes it, her eyes never leaving the door. “Self-righteous cunt. I hope he fucks you. I hope he does, I hope you get everything you want then tossed aside like yesterday’s news, you're just the new toy for him.”



But even as her leg shakes more with her anger growing a part of her scoffs as she turns her head closing her eyes, - Why am I so angry, why do I care who his lay of the day is. - she chuckles at the line lay of the day. “Catchy, I should remember that next time I see him.” Her leg uncrossing as she turns her computer tower on. The screen flashes in her face a few times, giving a sigh she slaps the side of the monitor till the screen unfucks itself - stupid cheap ass company, getting stuck with the shit no one wants. I put in several requests for an upgrade, but do they listen to me? No. - sighing again the rest of her morning is spent preparing for the noon meeting, doing her best to dive into her work to ignore Annie and Brynn. Slipping on her headphones that she keeps in her drawer at work, she puts on some heavy metal and turns the volume to max.



————————————————————————————————————————————————————-



*Brynn shut Anya's office door, the click echoing in the sudden quiet. He turned to Annie, her five-foot frame barely reaching his shoulder. Cute. Smaller than Anya, but perky enough. His gaze flicked down her blouse before she looked up, a sweet strawberry scent hitting his nose. Annie points to a next door over, tilting her head. “Who’s office is that?”



Brynn smiles as he leans down, the scent stronger, - like Darla’s chap-stick back in tenth grade - he points as well. “Well Annie,” he says with a big shit eating grin, “The COOLEST place in this little here old kingdom of ours. Yours truly.” Leaning back up she turns her deep blue eyes as her hands fold together, her knees bending slightly. Brynn smiling as his eyes slowly look down, catching a small glimpse of a pink fabric under her thin blue blouse as it slowly sags. “Can we go see it!” 



Brynn turns to face her as he rests his hands on her shoulders, she jumps slightly with his touch as he slowly grips a little to hard as he smiles at her. “Well lets continue shall we?”



Annie nods to him, spinning her around as he pushes on her shoulder from behind to get her walking. Pointing to the end of the hall before turning the corner to the left, “These are the bathroom’s next to Anya’s office.” As he says her name his cock twitches in his pants, - oh god thankfully she is turned the other way, but…would it be so bad if she….saw it. Maybe later in the office for the…detailed tour hehehe -.



Pushing her past the bathroom’s and more into the office the building is smaller having only around a dozen office’s, in the center are cubicles that are mostly empty of people, the ones that have people filling them are silent as little lights are scattered about lighting each one up gently in contrast to the companies effort to save money by reducing the lights in the main center of the building. Annie stops as she asks about it, “Why is so dark here, I mean these poor people working like this.”



Brynn standing behind her, his arms falling off her shoulders and they gently and accidentally brushes past her back feeling her bra strap under her blouse, her eyes to the cubicles, his to her back and finally to her ass. She spins around as he tilts his eyes quickly up at her, “Shouldn’t someone do something? I mean I wouldn’t be able to work like that…”



Brynn responds, “Well, that’s why I have my own office. Plus more…privacy if you know what I mean.” Annie responds with a gently but playful punch to his gut, “That’s dirty and not professional at all.” - I mean he is cute and all but is it right? I mean I saw how Anya and him interacted in her office and at the entrance. I don’t want to be a third wheel. - her body leans slightly to see Anya’s door and then back to him as he spins to look at her door as well. Turning back around he pushes Annie forward’s more, his hands pressed into her smaller breasts, Annie’s face turns bright red as she raises her arms to push him off her. Brynn steps back and puts his hands up, “Oh god, I am so sorry. I didn’t mean to…but I will say. Impressive.”



Annie uncrosses her arms slightly as she looks down at her breasts, “You really think so? I always thought they were to small. I was always so jealous of the other girls who were more…developed. I just kinda…stopped you know?” she looks up at him her cleave visible to him, his pants start to feel tighter as the breath in his throat gets stuck, stammering and stuttering as he tries to but can’t get a word out as she just giggles to him. “So, shall we continue with this wonderful tour handsome.” she winks at him, his face red in the dim light. Turning her back to him she folds her arms in front of her and with an almost pep to get steps she playfully gives him a view of her ass before turning around, “Eyes up here mister handsome.” her eyes dart down to see the small tent that formed from the interaction, she giggles again. Brynn is about to say something when he hears his name being called, “BRYNN!” turning towards the direction of the voice he sees it’s Brad. “Hey Brad!”



Brad approaches through the dim cubicles waving to Brynn and smiling at Annie, “So, hows the tour going, hopefully he is keeping his hands to himself.” he leans closer to her so only she can hear, “They used to call him the Claw.” his eyes look down at Brynn’s hands as Annie’s follow as well. Then Brad lifts his hand up as he makes a claw motion and then grabs her shoulder and laughs, her face bright red as Brynn stands there laughing as well. 



“The ole’ Claw thing eh Brad, it’s been years since you said that.” Brynn responds jokingly. - Took me years to make them forget that stupid name for me. Make one mistake, sleep with one person and your mister claw hands. Douche-bag, shes mine. Fuck off. - 



Brad leans away from Annie lowering his hand, “Well I’ll see you two love birds later, remember 12 o’clock for the meeting.” making finger guns he shoots Brynn before turning to walk past Annie, the smell of her floral perfume filling the air as he walks past her as she faces Brynn, Brad turning pointing her as he brings his fingers to his lips and using his tongue to recreate the act of oral on her. Brynn waves him away as Annie turns almost catching Brad. He smiles at her as he fast walks away and into his office closing the door. Brynn lets out a deep sigh before looking at Annie, “So, that’s Brad. Remember earlier in his office? He is the lead for the Sale department, hes an alright guy. Just don’t spend to much time alone with him.”



Annie’s face turns pure white as she slow turns to look at the door, sounds of classic rock music is muffled coming from the room, sounds of his terrible signing overpower the music. She takes a gulp and then jumps almost out of her shoes when Brynn steps behind her pressing his arms into her shoulders, “You ok? You look like you seen a ghost.” 



Looking up at him she shakes her head, “Where can I get something to drink?” - I really don’t need anything to drink, I just want to distance myself from Brad. He’s way to creepy old man vibes, unlike Brynn whose sweet and kind. -



Lifting one hand from her shoulder he points down the hall past Brad’s office, the the two big open doors. Lowering his head down he takes a sniff of her hair, - mmm smells like strawberries, nice contrast to the perfume. You definitely know how to turn a guy on don’t you little Annie. Sweet…innocent…- but his thoughts are interrupted when Annie moves forwards causing Brynn to lose his balance for a second. Catching up to her, making their way into the small break room, in the center a round table with four chairs tucked neatly under it, clearly not used in awhile as there is a small layer of dust covering the seats. The table filled with random things like paperwork, old food, empty cans and bottles. Feeling Brynn press into her back she feels a slight bump pressing into her around the middle of her back. She smiles reaching up slowly behind her feeling the stiffing member of Brynn, he pretends to ignore it but his mouth lets out a small moan. Lowering her hand she has a hidden smile across her face, she interrupts the mood with an observation walking away from Brynn her arms crossed behind her as she walks around like a kid in a candy store, 



“I take it nobody comes in here much do they?” she casually plays with random empty cans, picking some up, feigning interest in them. Brynn stands in the door way as he takes a big gulp again, Annie on the other side of the table leans down, her blouse falling just enough for his eyes to see the pink bra under her blue blouse. She looks around clearly provoking him, - i mean…I could take him right here on this table. Clearly this break room never gets used, its more of a dump then a place to eat food. But still…he’s cute enough. The college boys wish they had his looks, besides I could do worse then him, to late already have. - she chuckles at the last part as Brynn asks, “What?” 



Annie shakes her head, “Nothing handsome, so this is the break room huh. Looks more like a dump.”



Brynn grins as he lets out a soft chuckle as he looks around but his eyes keep going back to her cleavage, “Yea, not many people eat in here anymore. Had to had some lay offs last year and we usually go out for lunch now. Speaking of which!” Brynn says with enthusiasm, “We are having Italian today for lunch, we are ordering in what do you like?”



-You…idiot- is what she wants to say but instead she leans back up as the mood is now gone, “I’ll just take a salad with extra ranch. I love the white creamy stuff.” her lips part as she gently peaks her tongue out to lick her lips as she winks at Brynn.



Brynn clearly missed the innuendo as his face turns to disappointment, “Aw come on, salad? Really? I mean that can’t fill you up can it?”



Annie chuckles, -it’s just the appetizer before the…. - her eyes slowly work up his body start at his feet until she reaches his crotch, - main course, and maybe…if your lucky…seconds… - then her eyes continue to his chest, - eh slight pounds but for his looks I say around 28..maybe 30. So, dad bod is acceptable.- making their way over to his arms and up to his face, - toned, not ripped. Definitely not a gym rat, maybe gym bro?- her head tilting as her eyes meet his, - no, hes a douche but not to that level. His mind is to primitive, all I had to do was lean over and his eyes locked to my breasts. Men like him…push overs…but…I need this job for now till I finish my degree. He could be a good distraction from the other immature bros I have to sleep with.-



Annie smiles at Brynn who is ranting about the salad still, never hearing a word he said she walks over to him. “Well, since you know what can fill me up right, why don’t you pick for me then stud?”



Brynn’s face brightens, “Oh man you will love their Alfredo! The sauce is so sweet and dirt cheap. Perfect meal I say!” pointing to himself as he chuckles again, Annie just feigns a smile as she shakes her head. “Sounds lovely. So? Is there more to this kingdom or have I seen…” she steps closer as she gently presses her head into his chest, her hand gently grazes up one of his arms while the other hand reaches under his shirt feeling his little hairs across his belly. 



Brynn clearing his throat as he steps back from her, his face red, the tent clearly visible to her as she gets a small peak at the wet spot that has darkened the lighter color blue jeans he is wearing today, the scent of his pre-cum fills her nose as she winks at him. Turning around on his heels his face turns white as ghost, the sound of footsteps approaching, his jaw drops, -oh shit, bad timing Anya - “Uhhhh…” as Anya walks past, her eyes look down to see the tent in his pants as well as the wet spot. Annie leans from behind Brynn as she smiles at her and waves, “Oh hey Anya, Brynn and I were just about to continue with the tour you want to join us? He is such a good teacher and is so kind, understanding….”



Anya stops putting her hand up, scoffs crossing her arms, her eyes directly looking at Brynn’s face as he slowly closes his mouth, his eyes wide open, “Looks like the two of you are doing just fine, clearly one of you is excited about something. Let me guess, Alfredo. Word of advice, Annie.” Anya’s eyes dart down and over to Annie who pops out from behind Brynn fully, she peaks down to see the tent is now gone, a small pout with her lips plays across it - damn it, I was so close - before looking back at Anya, “Oh what’s that?” Annie’s steps closer to Brynn wrapping her arms around his. - he’s mine you old hag -



Anya’s face gets even more red as she scoffs and stomps her foot, turning on it she walks off her shoes audible with each step as she walks back to her office. Her arms to her sides with fists as the shake, she mutters something loudly but they can’t make it out, the muttering fades before ending as they both duck slightly from Anya’s door slamming hard shut, the office grows quiet, a couple heads peak above the cubicles before lowering back down and the background office noise returns. Brynn’s face slowly returning to normal as his throat feels closed, sweat drips from his forehead and he leans back up wiping it off with his hand. Annie with her red hair and wide innocent smile, those wonderful deep blue eyes looking up at him. - Damn she is cute though -



“So, not much left to see. We have the CEO’s office, Mr. Saxon. He will be here for the meeting.” Brynn’s heart races as he reaches into his pocket pulling out his phone, - shit it’s 10:32am the meeting starts soon, fuck I didn’t prepare. Fuck.-



Turning to face her as he steps back, bowing slightly to her, “Well I am afraid the tour must be cut short little Annie, I haven’t done shit to prepare for this meeting.” 



Annie stepping back, her arms crossing behind her back, her eyebrow raises, “Whats the meeting about?”



“Well Anya and I have this sales event to go to this weekend, its for one of few remaining big clients. If we don’t secure the renewal of the contract we may have to think about a new job.” Brynn explains to Annie, when she hears the mention of Anya her ears perk up.



“You and Anya huh? At-least you will have separate rooms.” smiling as she leans forward to give him a look down her blouse. Brynn closes his eyes as he rubs the back of his head, he lets out a nervous laugh, “Well see, due to the lack of contracts the company could only get us one room with one bed. We have to share it, Anya was pretty pissed yesterday, she even came into my office after work…” -oh shit that’s right, I forgot about that. I mean wow, those breasts. I mean they were nice, but Annie’s…smaller, more perky. Both have their pros and cons. -  his thoughts are interrupted as Annie giggles pointing at his crotch, “Who’s that for. Me?” Annie walks closer to Brynn, her hands slowly run down her sides, her hips slowly sway back and forth, but then stopping her head looking straight down the hall at Anya’s door. “Her?”











