Shay sits in a bush waiting for Dirge to show up, as patrols walk by, she hides. She hears a small whistle come from the corner of a tent and Dirge is standing there waving me to him. “Hurry up!'“he whispers trying to get her attention. Shay looks around as makes a run for it, barely dodging the patrol. Dirge grabs her hand as he leads her through the tents as they head to the stable. He opens the door as the horses inside neigh slightly as they move around. Dirge runs to them to calm down the horses leaving Shay at the door she closes it. Grabbing a touch from the wall Dirge walks over to Shay. Her face a mess her body covered in head to toe with blood and dirt, her eyes are in shock as the adrenaline wears off. Before she can collapse Dirge rushes to her grabbing her the light revealing her naked body to him as she passes out in her arms. Setting the torch down and away from the hay he carries her to the back of the stables where he has a makeshift bed made.


Laying her on the bed he covers her naked body with his ragged blanket. He then checks her pulse and breath. Shes sounds asleep. He uses the torchlight to examine her body more closely. As his heart swells in his throat, he gulps as he uses the light to move down her body. Showing everything, her body naked, her skin so soft and pristine if it weren’t for the layer of dirt and blood. He thinks for a second as he puts the torch in a metal hanger on the wall next to him dimly lighting the small area up. Going around the corner outside the stall door he grabs a bucket of water and a cloth he was using to wash the horses.


Shaking of the horsehair he dips the cloth in the bucket of water as he gently washes her body. The more he does the more he can’t help but look at her body. He shakes his head; he can’t think about that right now. He pushes the idea of her body out of his mind as he focuses on cleaning her up. Trying to not wake her in the process. After a few close calls and what seemed like was ages he manages to clean her best he can. He moves her ruby red hair out of her eyes as he uses the torch to light her face up. Seeing she’s sound asleep he stands up, grabbing the bucket and a pile of dirty towels he leaves her be as he lays down on a nearby hay bale with the horses all laying down around him his mind tries to think of what happened but as he does all he can think about is her naked body. His heart races, his blood rushes through his body. He sits up, staring at the stall that she’s in. He gets up to check on her, still asleep. Sighing he lets her be as he brushes his hand against a couple of horses on the back. Laying down on the hay bale again he closes his eyes.


Sounds of men preparing to head out wake Dirge from his rest. As he slowly stands up, he stretches and yawns. Gently patting a horse on the head. “Good morning.”


The horse lifts its head as it starts to stand up. As Dirge stands up, he stretches his back again till he hears a crack as he sighs with a relief wash over his face. His memory comes back to him, as he checks on the stall with Shay in it. As he slowly opens the stall door it creaks slightly. Managing to not stir Shay away he lets her sleep as he closes the door quietly. Putting his clothes and shoes on he rushes out of the stable, running past, everyone moving around. Dodging and sliding across the ground with grace, twirling around as he dodges. It’s almost like he’s part cat. Making his way to the Mess tent he sneaks in the back when no one is looking. While the cooks are distracted with serving food to the men Dirge sneaks in and grabs a loaf of bread along with a flask of water. Sneaking back out he hides the bread in his shirt as he carries the flask. 


Making his way back to the stable he managed to avoid Telios and the king. Seeing that the stable door is open slightly he starts to panic. Rushing to the door he walks inside slowly; he hears someone inside. He sneaks in careful to not disturb the horses, peaking through the crack in the door he sees Shay covered in blanket in the corner crying. Dirge knocks on the door.


“Hey, its Dirge. From yesterday in the alley.” He speaks softly enough for others to not hear. “I brought you some food. I’ll get you some clothes. But please don’t go anywhere.” before Shay can speak Dirge opens the door with his eyes closed and a hand over his eyes. “I’m sorry, you were covered in blood and dirt. I didn’t mean to.” Dirge exclaims as he waves the bread towards her, he feels it hit her as he drops it along with flask. As he does, he slowly backs out and till he’s out of the stall he keeps his eyes closed. His heart beating so fast, he closes the door and leans against the wall outside the door. He collects himself as he tells her he will be back.


Shay doesn’t respond but takes the loaf of bread along with the flask of water as she inhales the bread and water. Her belly slightly distended from eating a whole loaf of bread. As she finishes, she hears a knock on the stall door again as she covers herself with the blanket again. Dirge appears with his eyes covered, clothes in his hands he sets them down. As he backs up he misjudges the door as he backs into the wall. It catches him off guard as he removes his hand and opens his eyes. Stareing directly at Shay’s naked body bathed in the morning light, Dirge’s blood rushes in his body as his face turns bright red. He quickly turns around and slams the door shut leaving him outside the stall, his breathing heavy, his heart almost pounding out of his chest. He hears some rustling in the stall shes in as a few minuets pass she opens the door as exits the stall standing next to him as he leans against the wall. 


She stands there with simple clothing made for men, “I found the smallest I could that I thought you fit you.” Dirge looks down.


Shay leans against the wall, baggy as the clothes are they do hug her body enough that she isnt worried about them falling off. 

“It’s ok, my names Shay.” Her smile widens as she looks at him. Dirge reaches his hand out to meet hers, “Dirge.” 


“So Dirge, I want to thank you for doing this for me.” 


Dirge’s face turns red again as he looks away, “Well, I couldn’t leave a poor woman out there naked.” He then turns and walks away.


“Well, I thank you all the same. You saved my life. I was almost…almost…” Her memories of the previous night flood into her mind, the experience after seeing her grandpa is foggy. She remembers nothing of the change, but then she remembers. '“The Sword! Where is the sword!”


Dirge reaches into a nearby hay bale as he pulls out her sword as he hands it to her. “I hid it last night after you went to sleep. I have never seen a blade like that before. It seems, old.”


Shay explains that it was her grandpa’s but leaves out the rest. “It was my grandpas, he past away last week. I am alone.”


Dirge leans foward putting his hand on her shoulder as he pulls her in giving her a hug. “It’s ok Shay”


Shay stands there letting him hold her, the first man in awhile that doesnt want to hurt her. Even when she was vulnerable he chose a different path. The warmth of his hug is comforting and farmilier. After a few minuets he lets her go, “What will you do now?”


Shay leaving Dirge’s arms stands there as it now dawns on her. “I don’t know. My grandpa said to make my own path. But, it’s been hard.” She realizes that the gold she had left is now gone. She has nothing, nothing but her grandpas sword.


Dirge thinks for a moment as he walks around her body, “Yes, hmm, yes. I think it may work.”


Shay feels exposed as he stares at her body examining it. “What will work.” 


Dirge runs out of the stable and after a few seconds he comes back in with clothing of the soldiers. He hands them to her, “I think you could pass enough as a man if someone doesn’t look to hard.” Shay looks at her body, she was always tomboyish even growing up. Reaching for her long ruby red hair she pulls out her sword as she looks at herself in the reflection of the sword. Seeing her bright red hair in the blades reflection she sighs and with a quick cut her hair falls to the ground. Her hair now ends at her shoulders as Dirge looks at her. “Hmm, almost.” Looking around he sees a pair of shears he uses for the horses mane, he snaps his fingers and he leads her to a chair. Setting her down in it he pulls a small barrel over as well as a metal shield. Wiping it off best he could she could see a hazy reflection in the mirror. Standing behind her he uses the shears to expertly cut her hair. “No different than a horse.” He remarks letting out a small giggle.


“Yea well, I’m not a horse.” Shay retorts back.


After a few minuets he steps back handing her the sheild she looks to see her long hair has all been cut, as she stands up and sees all the red hair around her she grabs the soliders clothing as she tells Dirge to turn around. “No Peaking. You got a free show last night as it is. Hmph.” Dirge smiles as he turns around covering his eyes. Shay slowly undresses as Dirge turns peaking to see her long slender leg slipping into the pant leg and then the other. Her head tilts up as Dirge spins back around and whistles slightly. As she finishes putting on the clothes she says, “So??”


As Dirge spins around and opens his eyes he sees what looks like a man in front of him, if she didnt speak you would never know the difference. “Wow.” Is all Dirge can spit out. 


“Well pick your jaw up off the floor mister Dirge.” Shay crosses  her arms in front of her as she turns away. 


Dirge shakes his head, “I mean, you look good…as a man.” Dirge’s cheek flush red.


“So, what are we going to do with my sword.” As Shay waves it around staring at the blade as the light reflects off it, she sees a shimmer like sparkles that slowly swirl around the blade. “My old sheath was worn out anyway and I couldn’t afford a new one.”

Shay says with a heavy sigh knowing shes broke. “Do you have anything to help me?”


Dirge thinks for a second as he scratches his head, getting an idea he walks over to Thelios horse where Dirge’s sheath for his short sword is. Calming the horse as he slowly unhooks it from the saddle, pulling it out of the straps of the saddle leaving the straps for the sheath attached to it. He tosses it to Shay, “Here catch.”


Before Shay could react Dirge tosses the sheath as she barely catches it in time. “You could of warned me.” Shay exclaims as she holds up her sword and the sheath seeing they are different in sizes. “I don’t think it’s going to fit Dirge.” She tries to push it inside as its girth is big for the smaller sheath. Dirges shoulders slump as hes out of ideas. “Well, its all I got.”


Shay sits in the chair again defeated, she can’t just carry it around all the time it would be silly as she would be the only one who was. Holding the sword in her hand pointing it up straight she thinks to herself, “How will we hide you.” As she ponders what to do the sword starts to glow as it shrinks in her hand to the size of a pocket knife, then smaller again to the size of small piece of jewlery. Sitting in the palm of the hand the weight feels the same but in a small package. She scratches her head, looking around she spots some wire as she fashions a maskshift necklace, wrapping the wire around the hilt of the tiny sword now securly tugging on the wire. “There” slipping it over her neck. “What do you think?”, she stands up as she stands there pretending to act like a man. 


“Passable” Dirge says walking towards her. Before he reaches her Telios barges into the stables standing in the light he sees Dirge inches away from Shay. “Solider, why are you not at your post?” Telios says talking to Shay.


“She…I mean he was helping me get the horses ready. I over slept and Sean here said he would help me.” Dirge quickly buts in before Shay can speak. 


“Very well, prepare my horse we ride out soon.” Telios says as he turns to leave the stables. Shay’s heart beats fast as she starts to sweat. Seeing Telios leave she relaxs, “That was close.”


Dirge nods, “Yea, well since your stuck with me want to help me get the horses ready?”


Shay sighs, “Fine. But, I am not cleaning up the horse shit.” 


Dirge laughs as he helps show her what to do. As time passes by Shay is putting the last saddle on the horse as Telios walks in. Shay is caught off guard as he stands behind her, his height towers over her as he looks down. Shay takes a deep breath and in a manly voice as she can muster says, “Your horse is ready sir.” Telios grabs the reins as he starts to walk away. Stopping in the doorway he turns to face her, “Your voice sounds sick solider. See the medic before we leave, thats an order.” Shay stands at attention as she does the standard military bow were she crosses her arm behind her back as she bends over to bow. Telios then scoffs as he turns walking away with his horse. Shay screams internally, she was for sure thinking he was going to find out. She lucked out, but she started to wonder where Dirge was. “Where is that bastard.” muttering under her breath.


She grabs the last horse by his reins as she leads him out of the stable. Leading the horse to a secluded area she looks around as she lets her illusion down trying to relax. “Man, being a man is draining, ugh no thanks. Not for me.” she ties the horse to a random pole stacked into the ground as she sits on a box thats been filled with supplies for the horses. As she relaxes she starts to stare at the horse, “Now, how does one ride you.” She ponders as her legs kick back and tapping on the wooden box as she thinks. 


Shay leaning foward on her elbows as they rest on her knees as she sits on the box wondering she watches as the horse starts to turn away from her. Just as the animal does she leaps off the box and dashes towards the horse. Leaping off the ground she overshoots it as she slides across the saddle landing with a thus onto the dusty ground kicking up dirt everywhere she stares up at the horse as it turns its head down to face as the dust settles on her face the horse chews some hay as its head nears her face, taking a sniff he snorts as it covers her face with snot. Wiping it off she swears the horse laughs as it neighs going back for more hay. 


Shay slowly stands up wiping the dirt off her as she looks at the horse, “Alright buddy, you and me are going to be BEST buds.” She slowly sneaks up while the horse is distracted. Just as shes about to climb up she hears a voice calling out, “Sean! Where are you. Man…”


Shay stays quiet for a moment it sounds like Dirge, Shay putting her fingers to her lips lets out a small whistle as Dirge comes running around the corner seeing you half on the horse.


“What’s going on here Shay.” Dirge walks over talking softly as he makes sure the coast is clear. “Well Mr. Know it all as you can see Freydo and I have some commucation skills to work on.” Shay gently taps Freydo on the side each tap alittle harder as she smiles wide to Dirge, the horse snorts again.


“Well, if you want to I can show you the basics on how to ride…Freydo.” Dirge laughs as he helps Shay get on top of the horse. Leading her around by the reins he gives her simple commands to move and stop the horse. “There, that should be the basics you will get the hang of it.” Dirge looks up at Shay on the horse as he then hears voices calling out from a distance.


“Looks like they are heading out follow my lead and follow me, let me do the talking. If they catch you we are both done for.” Dirge speaking quickly to Shay. Joining the rest of the march they blend in near the back of the march. As the dust from all the horses create a giant cloud that fills the sky, the thundering of the hooves on the ground in unison. The army marches away from the village and closer to the Forsaken Forest.


