The morning sun dawns as it’s light and warmth bring life to the forest. Through the night Shay had wrapped Dirge in a blanket, wrapping rope around his body to secure him to a small cart she stole with the cover of darkness from the encampment. Checking her bag, she coulnd’t grab much as most of the time was spent trying to sneak that blasted cart out. It was worth it as she can more easily transport him around. Using what rope she could scavange as by now his men have left him behind. Working up a sweat as she pulls his limp body onto the cart, setting her bag on top of him his breathing is calm but steady. His eyes closed, his skin pale. Covering her tracks of the fire from last night she gets on top of Freyo. Starting slow as all she could do was attach the cart to the saddle by some thin ropes. As the cart starts to move the body bounces around slightly but stays in one spot. Satisfied he will stay in there she looks fowards making her way out of the forest into the open rolling meadows. She has only one choice, the Forsaken Forest.


“What happened to you.” Shay mutters to herself as she glances back occasionally at Dirge’s body wrapped up in the blanket. As she follows the massive trail left from the army she maintains her distance from them as she follow them. The morning sun waking as it rises higher into the sky, the heat slowly building as she takes off the soliders jacket she was wearing, underneath is a simple white shirt that hugs to her body during her adventures in their camp last night she found some clothes that better fit her. Odd that they were feminine, she shrugs. Her stomach begins to growl putting her hand over her stomach. “Now now, ill feed you.” She pats Freyo on the back as she directs the horse over to a small stream running along the path of destruction. 


The horse slowly trots over to the stream as she pulls back on the reins brining her horse to a stop. Sliding off the saddle she rubs between her thighs, “Ouchie. How do people ride these things. Tch…tch..” she winces in pain as she walks stiff legged till she can feel her legs again. Hobbling over to the small cart she grabs her bag, sitting down leaning against the side of the cart she opens her pack pulling out an apple. She lifts it in the air towards Freyo, “Now, you better be good. I couldn’t find anywhere to tie you down.” her eyes narrow as she looks into Freyo’s. His mouth chewing on grass spots the apple, turning his body the cart move causing Shay to fling onto her back. 


‘Hey, I said be good.” Getting to her feet she blows some dirt off the apple as she wipes it on her shirt. “Now, you be good.” The horse stares at the apple as he snatches it out of her head barely missing her fingers. “Hey!” Shay reacts in surprise, “I need those fingers.”


Freyo snorts as she swears hes laughing at her. He turns around eating the apple whole then returning to the grass as he wanders around but stays near her. Checking on Dirge she brushes the hair out of his eyes as his body still looks pale but warm, alive. Sighing she sits nearby the small stream as she pulls out a small flask that she kept from the previous day. Filling it up then putting her hand into the stream cups some of the water in her palm as she sips the cold refreshing water, she feels her parched lips crack as the water slowly hydrates them. Her throat clears as she tries to swallow the water. After managing to not choke on it she goes back in slurping up so much water she stuffs her belly, laying down on the grass on her back. The warm summer breeze blowing across her face, her hand reaching up where she once had hair but now is just a nearly cut off head of hair. Sighing again she closes her eyes as Freyo slowly walks over to her. Laying down he sets his body near her allowing her to use his belly as a pillow. She smiles as she rubs his belly, “Thank you.”


Freyo looks at her swallowing some more grass hes been chewing on, snorting again he turns his head away. Shay’s body relaxes as the sun warms her skin, the water in her belly sloshes around as she breathes. Letting the warm summer air wash across her face she opens her eyes leaning up from Freyo she looks in her bag and sees only half a loaf of bread. Sighing she pulls it out of her bag, breaking off a small piece popping it into her mouth, trying to chew slowly to savor whatever she can. Looking over her shoulder towards the cart she sighs again chewing on the small bread she allowed herself to ration out. “Alone again.” Shay turning her head to look at Freyo’s head. “Atleast I got you buddy.” She pats him on the back as Freyo neighs, standing up. 


Shay almost rolls onto her back as Freyo stands, grabbing her bag she ties to shut again. Setting it the cart with Dirge’s body she makes sure to keep the flask on her, patting her pants she doesnt feel any pockets, “What the hell, whats with men and no pockets on these things. Where do they keep things?!” Shay shutters at the idea of where men keep things if they have no pant pockets. Not being defeated she looks around, the coast is clear. Untying her bag again she rilfes around in it, “Ah, I was saving you but nows a good time as any.” She pulls out a small pair of shorts. Calling Freyo over she uses his body to cover as she peaks over the horse and around, “Coast clear, mission go!” Shay whispering to herself.


With practiced motion she takes grabs the waist band of her pants, bending over she slides them down. Kicking them to the side she puts one leg and then another through the pair of shorts. Pulling them up she realizes as her face turns red, “Well, no one will know right, haha” nervously she laughs as she looks at Freyo who snorts walking away. “Hey wait!” chasing after Freyo the shorts ending just above her knees she runs faster as she feels more free, keeping up with Freyo she splays her arms out to feel the breeze as she walks. Her necklace bouncing on her chest as she runs, Freyo starts to gallop as Shay leaps into the air landing on the back of Freyo, she winces. “Ouch.” she bares down on her teeth, whispering trying to hide the pain. “Note to self, Don’t do that.”


Smiling through the stinging between her legs, slowly turning into a dull throbbing she relaxes. In the distance she can spot the movement of the King’s army as she approaches a hill. Making her way to the top she can see in the distance the Forsaken Forest, the kings men soon to arrive there. Freyo neighs as Shay can feel that even her horse feels the air get thicker as they head closer to the forest. 


As the afternoon gives way to the night, Shay looks head as the sun slowly sets behind the forest, its like being blocked or even absorbed by the thick darkness in the forest. Approaching the army she slows down making her way off to the side hidden behind some giant boulders and trees that line the edge of the forest. Tying her horse to the thickest tree she could find, “That should hold you.” Shay smiles as she runs her hand through his thick and soft mane. 


Unhooking the cart as well pulling it over to a rock she sets the tounge of it on the rock so the cart stays level. Checking on Dirge his skin still pale but burnt from the sun. “Oops, i forgot to cover your face.” Shay kneels beside the cart. Taking his hand into hers, his skin cold as she caressed it across her face trying to warm it. “I will free you. This is my Burden.” Standing as she gently puts his hand back covering him with the blanket. She turns to face her horse, her steps heavy as she knows what she has to do. Pulling Freyos head towards her as she butts her forehead against the side of Freyo’s. Her hand shakes as she gently carresses his face, a tear rolls down Shay’s face as she kisses Freyo on the side of the head.


“Look after him will you.” Talking to Freyo as she looks one final time at Dirge’s body. Freyo neighs as he seems to understand her and what she must do. Grabbing her necklace rips it off holding the small sword in her palm. Closing her eyes she concentrates as the blade begins to hum, glowing more dim white. Expanding in her palm, grasps it feeling its weight. She holds it close to her as she sneaks along the edge of the forest. Looking back taking her final look back at her horse she turns to face the Forsaken Forest. “I won’t fail you.” Whispering to herself gripping the sword tightly in her hand.


Carefully avoiding patrols of men, the king seems to not be taking any risk. As she nears the camp at the entrance of the forest men are chopping trees as their heavy weight thuds and shakes the ground as they fall to the ground. Fires of greed burn bright as the supervisor stands at the top of a tower in the middle of the camp. Looking towards the entrance giving commands to his men. Shay uses this opportunity to sneak past the front gate, her sword clinks on a nearby box as she sneaks past. One of the guards gets alerted as he turns to check on the noise. 


His spear pointed straight out as he gets closer to Shay, she hides as much as she can behind some broken wagon wheels. Peaking through them she sees the spear first then the guard as he looks around, her head lowers getting low as she can. “Must be the forest playing tricks on us.” The guard mutters to himself as he stands up straight heading back to his post at the front gate. Shay now realizing shes been holding her breath lets it out, “Phew.” Waiting till the coast is clear she leaves the spot, making her way through the maze of tents and random soliders walking around. 


The smell of the food in the air as she nears what must be the mess tent on the edge of the camp, her stomach growls. Shaking her sword, “Go back down will you.” but to no avail the sword remains its normal size but still glows with a dim white light. She looks around as she hides the sword in a nearby sack of grain. “Stay here.” whispering to the sword as she taps the side of the bag. Making her way to the back of the tent she spots two cooks standing out back with tobacoo pipes in their mouth. 


“This forest gives me the creeps.” One of the cooks says, his clothing more clean. “Yea I heard that they hear whispers coming from the forest itself.” The other cook whos apron is covered in blood. "Yea well, I heard that the king left in a hurry last time. Something spooked him and his brother. They both retreated and signed this weird truce. No one has set foot in these woods till today.” the voice trails off as they both head back into the tent. Shay looking around the corner seeing it’s clear sneaks close as she can to the tent. As her head peaks in she can see the two cooks going back to work. The first one serving food onto plates while the other cuts up the meat from the mornings arrival. 


Taking a big sniff her nose is filled with all the smells of wonderful meat and potatoes being cooked, spices being added to the vegetables. Her stomach growls more so loud it alerts the cook whos cutting up meat, his cleaver in hand he steps away from the table. “Who’s there.” 


Shay panics as she spots a freshly cooked steak on a plate, she dashes in as the wind gusts through the tent the cooks aprons fly up into their face blocking their view, grabbing the plate she makes a run for it clutching it close to her as she runs out of the tent and towards the Forsaken Forest, as she looks behind seeing the two cooks stepping out of the tent looking around. Giving up they smack the air, “Ah, not worth the time. Stupid forest.”


As the cooks walks back into the tent, shay hides behind a massive tree going deeper than she wanted to. Looking down at the plate the steak covered with random twigs and leaves, picking them off. “Not wasting you my dear.” picking the steak up in her hands holding it in front of her face its as big as her face, her eyes widen as she goes to town on it. Wasting no time she almost inhales the steak, looking down she realizes all the vegetables flew off as she ran. “Oh well, atleast I got some meat.”


Tossing the plate to the side she checks around her realizing she left her sword behind. “Fuck.”




