The night air cool and crisp as Shay sat on a log at the edge of the cliff’s edge overlooking the dense forest below her. It was the forest of the Forsaken. It was said that a war between two brothers in rival kingdoms fought over a relic said to be help deep in the woods. Both sides hacked and burned their way into the forest driving themselves deeper into it as their minds sink more into madness. Her mind tries to recount the story her grandfather told her.



The wind gently blowing her brilliant ruby red hair as it glitters in the moon light. Thoughts of the story her grandfather creep into her mind as she is just a little girl sitting on the ground of her grandfather’s cabin, the fireplace crackles and pops as the logs slowly burn away. She is not but only 12 years old only 6 years ago to the day, her grandfather in his rocking chair with a blanket that his wife made before she died as a gift to him so she could always be with him. His glassy eyes staring into the flames of the fireplace, his mind recalling the events and life with his wife. Turning his head to shay.



“Where was it, oh yes that’s right.”



Her grandfather starts telling the story, the two brothers only found madness as their greed took over. Ordering their men to cut through the dense forest which only seemed to grow thicker and thicker as they ventured deeper into it. Until one night, a solider had got up to check on a noise he heard while on patrol. Seeing nothing he decides to be bold, being a fresh recruit his body was shaking as he entered the forest alone. The trees and bushes seem to be almost swallowing him, choking him as he went deeper and deeper into the forest. The canopy blocks out what little light was coming in before. 



“What did he find grandpa.” kid shay asks.



Her grandfather clears his throat as he smiles.



“What they have been searching for.”



Continuing with his story he explains that the soldier started to panic and couldn’t find his way back to camp. So, he started yelling and calling out, but the woods were so thick that it muffled his cries, the bushes around him started to move as he drew his sword and put up his shield to defend. A bush would move, and he would stab it, over and over again almost as if something was toying with him. Panicking more the solider swings wildly trying to clear a path. In his haste he trips over a branch as his head hits the ground his shoulder was punctured by a thick branch impaling into his sword arm. The sword clinks against the random debris on the forest ground as he grabs his shoulder. His shield to heavy he throws it away. Looking forward he sees a light, the camp he thinks. He musters up the strength to stand on his feet as he stumbles his way towards the light. Getting closer to it the light keeps an equal distance to the man. Not giving up the solider pushes ahead and splashes into a lake. Not expecting it he trips and falls face first into the lake.



His armor grows heavy as he sinks to the bottom of the lake, running out of air he tries his best to get the armor off him, but his injured shoulder gives him some struggles. Gasping for air water rushes into his lungs as they fill up, his life starts to slowly fade from his eyes as an arm reaches into the water and pulls him up and out. Coughing up water the solider gasps for air to once fill his lungs again. His life returning to his eyes as he’s gently set on the ground. He falls to his knees coughing up more water, turning his head to see what pulled him out was one of the most beautiful women he’s ever seen in his life. The woman who's bathed in a warm white light reaches out to touch his shoulder as the wound slowly heals and scars over. Stepping back from the man she puts her arms in front of her, she’s very frightened.



“Do not hurt me.”



The woman’s tone is one of being scared her words almost shake in fear. The solider gathers himself as he slowly stands to his feet leaning against a tree, he looks at his shoulder and sees the wound is closed. Looking at the woman his breathing still heavy.



“Who are you.”



Before she can answer some torches are seen in the distance along the sounds of men chopping through the forest. They call out my name.



“Graddy! Where are you! Graddy!”



“I’m over here!”



Graddy waves his hands and yells, the other men hear him and tell him to wait as they are coming to him. Graddy looking at the woman her eyes filled with tears, her face with dread and terror. She rushes to him and hugs his arm as her body shakes in fear.



“Do not let them get me. Please, I beg you. Help me…”



Her height is shorter than Graddy’s as he looks down into her eyes. They are a brilliant ruby red, her body is completely naked. He could not tell before due to all the darkness. He looks to her and then to his men coming for him. In a moment of panic, he nods.



“Wait over here, I will come for you in the morning.”



He pushes her down into a nearby bush as he tries his best to cover her, he puts a finger to his lips as he says quietly.



“Shh, don’t make a sound. I will be back in the morning.”



Her eyes tear as it streams down her face, she reaches out to grab him not wanting to leave her alone. He gently removes her hand as he covers her again, he whispers.



“No, please. I promise I will be back for you. They will catch you.”



She nods but clearly doesn’t want him to leave. She crawls deeper into the bush as she disappears into the darkness. Standing up Graddy walks to his mates who are only a few feet away. He explains his situation as they all laugh at him.



“Newbie, what are you doing here late at night. Find yourself a woman. huh huh” one of the men nudges him in the side with his elbow.



Graddy starts to panic quickly comes up with a lie.



“I had to piss ok.”



The man looks down at Graddy and into his eyes examining him see if he’s telling the truth, a bead of sweat drops down Graddy’s forehead. Then the man leans up and belly laughs as he slaps Graddy on the back.



“Sure thing, Graddy, sure thing. Come back to camp, breakfast is soon. We got a new fresh batch of beef in today!”



Graddy swallows with relief as he nods, joining his fellow men they return to camp. The thoughts of the woman weigh on Graddy’s mind.



Returning to camp Graddy joins his men as they head towards the mess tent, the smell of fresh beef and eggs in the air his stomach growls. Entering inside the tent is lively men eating their morning breakfast before heading back into the woods to search for this relic. Cheering and laughing from all around as Graddy and his fellow men gather in the breakfast line Graddy speaks up.



“How long was I gone for?”



The man who found him speaks up.



“No one knows, I was going to relieve you, but you weren’t at your post. So, I gathered a search party to look for you.”



He laughs as he mocks you.



“Getting lost in the woods is something a new recruit shouldn’t be doing. Fuck the King won’t even enter alone. Brave but stupid thing to do you know.”



Graddy sighs, moving in the line with the others gathering his steak and eggs. Gathering some napkins at the end of the line along with some silverware he walks over to an empty table as his mate sits next to him.



“You know Graddy, you're lucky I like you. Remember in training when the captain made you eat mud. Boy we were laughing for days after that.”



Graddy looks at Cabin, his tone of not a joking matter.



“I still taste mud to this day you know.”



Cabin laughs as he takes a big bite of his steak.



“Haven’t had fresh beef in weeks.” Cabin exclaims with happiness in his voice. 



Cabin leans in towards Graddy and says quietly, “You know, I hear this relic thing isn’t a thing, but a person.”



Graddy’s eyes light up as he stops mid chew, “A person…I couldn’t be.” Graddy begins to chew again as he thinks if the woman, he met was what he was talking about. But how, the relic was a legend. Graddy is startled from his thoughts by Cabin speaking.



“But that’s just rumors. I bet there isn’t even anything here. Greedy kings. Go fight this, go fight that.” Food starts to spit out his mouth as he speaks. “But you know what, what about us little guys eh? What do we get? A kick in that ass that’s what, shit on and tossed aside all to appease the king.”



Graddy lowers his body, “Shh, not so loud. You want to be executed.”



Taking another big bite of his steak Cabin speaks up, even more food spits out of his mouth. “Bah, the fat king is too fat to even hear beyond his fat self.”



Graddy sighs as he leans back in the chair his belly full of hot fresh meat. As he closes his eyes to relax images of the woman pop into his head. He panics as he sits up in his chair, getting up he tell Cabin.



“Look, I got to do something I’ll meet you later ok?”



Cabin waves him off as he laughs.



“More food for me then!”



Graddy shakes his head as he leaves the mess tent. Looking around the morning sun shines in the air behind him as in front of him is the opposite a dark forest so dense not even the morning light can shine in more than a few feet. Working his way over to the Quartermasters tent. Inside are hastily made shelving and racks full of swords, shields and armor. Everything they need they have to get from here. Stepping up the counter Graddy sees the Quartermaster sitting behind the counter a blade in one hand with a cloth in the other. 



“I clean every blade, every day. They all have names, connections, feelings. They should be cherished and taken care of.”



Graddy hears the man as he panics, speaking up he asks.



“I am here to requisition a new weapon and shield.”



The quartermaster gently sets his blade he was cleaning on the counter. Grabbing a nearby stack of papers he pulls out on.



“Graddy Mud issued one sword, one shield, one full set of patrol armor. To requisition a new weapon and shield protocol requires the old one.”



Graddy tries to explain what happened, but the quartermaster isn’t listening.



“I suggest you find them then. Or the king will dock one month’s pay.” The quartermaster picks up the blade as he goes back to cleaning it. Graddy hears him loud and clear, he has to go back in defenseless into the woods. Graddy swallows hard as he gathers whatever bravery he has stomping out of the tent he heads back towards the forest edge. Slipping past the morning sentries he makes way to his patrol path, avoiding the current solider. Slipping past he heads into the woods, trying to retrace his steps. It’s almost like the forest has shifted, becoming an endless maze. Behind him the light of the sun slowly fades and replaced with an unnatural darkness. 



Making his way past the branches of the trees and bushes they almost seem to be grabbing him, restraining him. The thin branches like fingers grasping at his ankles, fighting through their attempts stomping each branch. He calls out but remembers he doesn’t know her name. All he can do is try, but as he tries to speak it’s almost as the words are being stolen from his voice. Opening his mouth but nothing comes out, his mind slowly slips. The darkness finding the cracks, slowly filling his mind. Closing his eyes he screams out as he pushes past the barrier of branches. Like a spider web they seem to be clinging to him, slowing him now. His determination drives him, he made a promise. 



After what seems like hours of wandering around in the dark, he feels like his going in circles. His body growing weak, blood dripping from the sharp thorns of the bushes. He drops to his knees, falling on his face his body gives out, his mind weak. The darkness of the forest floor like a mist slowly starts to envelope his body. The madness sinking in, the mist feeling like a rock pinning him to the ground powerless to move. Thinking about how has going to fail the woman who saved him the darkness closing around him, his vision fading he hears a soft feminine voice.



“Follow the sound of my voice.”



It snaps him back to reality as he opens his eyes to see a shadow creature that is hovering above him. As his eyes widen the creature goes to strike at Graddy. Rolling out of the way of the creatures attack its claw empales into the ground. Shaking his head Graddy stands to his feet using a tree to help himself up. The creature void in body but face clear as day, its eyes are dim red flames as it floats across the ground towards Graddy. The creature raises its claw arm up as it walks slowly towards Graddy, snarling and growl as it nears. Graddy looks around in the darkness, but he can’t see past his feet. Panicking Graddy hears the voice again.



“The Sword, grab the sword.”



Graddy looks around and pats his side. Empty.



“I lost it!” Graddy yells out.



The voice calls out again.



“The Sword, grab the sword.”



Graddy getting frustrated exclaims out with his hands. “I lost it!” as the words leave his lips a brilliant white light in the shape of a sword appears in his hand as his sword appears. Gripping the hilt he charges at the creature, his swing going right through the creature. Mocking and laughing at Graddy the creature goes to swing again. Blocking with his sword the claws inches away from Graddy’s face. The strength disappearing from his arms. First with his knees as they buckle beneath him the creatures claw starts to grow as it inches towards Graddy’s face. 



“Get…off…me…”



Graddy pushes back knocking the creature back, taking advantage Graddy swings again. His sword once again phases right through the creature.



“The light, true nature, revealed.”



The feminine voice calls out again as she appears in front of him. Time stopping, the sword glowing with a brilliant light revealing her perfect body to him. It was her, the woman from before. The light revealing every one of her curves, her long flowing ruby red hair. Her soft skin as her hand caresses his cheek. Her steps silent as she walks behind him, pressing her body up against his as her warmth is comforting, like a warm hug from your mother, her innocent voice as she grabs your hand showing you how to use it. Her innocent voice speaks to him in his head, her lips not moving.



“Let the Light Guide you.”



Graddy lowers his guard as the warmth of the light enters his body and into his hand up to the sword as it glows even brighter. The surrounding area lifts its darkness like a fog. Revealing the true nature of the forest, in front of Graddy is a gruesome creature, its face and body twisted almost shifting as it stands there, it’s only feature that makes sense is its one arm and its giant claw attached to it. 





“Now go.”



The voice calls out to him as she fades away and time resumes. Graddy looking at his now glowing blade charges forward towards the beast. The light stunning the beast as he plunges it deep into its chest. The light expanding inside the creature as it blows up into a shower of light.



Interrupting her grandpa kid shay asks, “Who was the woman grandpa?”



Shay’s grandpa rocks in his chair as he looks up above his mantle, sitting above it is a sword.