Shay opens her eyes as she looks down at the ground, at the edge of the cliff is a pile of rocks with a blanket wrapped around the rocks. The edge of the blanket swags with the gentle breeze as she kneels down before the pile, bringing her fingers to her lips she kisses them as she lays the fingers on top of the rocks.


“I will miss you Grandpa; you always had the best stories.”


Standing up a strong gust blows as she covers herself, revealing in the moon light a shine from a blade at her hip. As she turns away, she walks back into the forest. As a spirit of a young solider and a mysterious woman sit on top of the log overlooking the lake they nestle close to each other. Shay turns to cover from the flying debris from the forest, as she uncovers herself, she sees the two spirits sitting on the log. The young man’s face is that of happiness as the mysterious womans smile displays a warmth. Before shay could say a word then wind gusts again, covering herself from the debris the wind settles. Peeking up from her coat the spirits have vanished as the blanket sways in the wind over the Forsaken Forest. Turning back towards the forest path leading to the village a tear forms in her eye as she walks down the path. 


Dawn approaches as she awakens from the now empty cabin, the daily sounds of her grandfather no longer present. She can’t stay here, it’s not right. She felt alone. Sitting at the edge of her bed the morning light shines in on her face warming it slight. She caresses her face.


“Grandpa, I miss you. But I will make you proud.”


Shay stands up walks towards the window as she opens it. The sounds of the morning birds chirping, woodpeckers making holes as they peck at the tree bark. Squirrels and all manner of small woodland creatures scurry around in the morning air. Leaning on the window still she takes a deep breath as she nods.


“I will make you proud.”


Stepping out of the window she heads towards her bedroom door, her sword in its sheath. The leather straps are old and need to be replaced. Holding the sheath in her hand she slowly pulls out the sword. It almost seems to glow a dim white light in the dark corner of the room she’s standing in. Inspecting the blade it has no imperfections. She never saw her grandpa use it; it was always on the mantle above his fireplace. Walking over to her bedside table she picks up the note and rereads it.


“Dear Shay, if you are reading this then I have passed away. Your grandpa had his secrets, all the stories i used to tell you when you were a kid were true. They were my adventures, all because of that one night in the forest. Her. She changed everything. But now, it is your turn. I leave you with a heavy burden, my sword. Yes, the one you saw everyday above the fireplace. The one I told you is very special. You must keep it safe. You cannot let it fall into the hands of evil. Your spirit is free and good. The sword will come to see that. I am in a better place, I am home. I am with the love of my life. I had a full life, now it is your turn. Go, live your life. I look forward to hearing about your adventures someday when we meet. Till then, my love and always Grandpa Graddy.”


Tears form in her eyes again as she rereads it over and over again. Time passes as she lays on her bed all morning crying till she falls asleep. As the morning drifts into the afternoon she awakens with the note laying on the bed next to her. Sitting up she looks down at the note. Wiping her eyes she slowly stands up, the sword in one hand the note in the other. As she walks out of her bedroom and up the small hallway she passes her grandfathers bedroom. Left exactly as how it left it, she slowly closes the door. Turning to continue down the hallway making her way into the small living room and kitchen. She stares at the fireplace and the note in her hand, setting the note on the burnt logs she grabs some flint and steel. Hovering over the note she pauses, no going back. Taking a deep breath, she strikes the flint and steel sparking onto the paper as it ignites. Staring at the note slowly burning away it opens up as the final word is consumed by the fire, she looks at it, “my love and always Grandpa Graddy” as tear forms in her eye the words vanish as they are consumed by the fire, all that’s left is a small pile of ash where it once sat on the burnt log.


Taking another deep breath, she stands up, gathering her jacket she whips it over her shoulder as she leaves the cabin her brilliant red ruby hair blows in the wind.