A day of marching passes as the massive army heads ever closer to fulfill the king’s greed and desire. As the sun starts to get low in the sky the King orders them to make camp. “We are but a days ride to our goal, to our victory. Rest well, for it may be your last time. Captain Telios!” The king turns to face the captain, “Set up patrols on the hour, I do not wish to be disturbed.” 


Telios bows, “Yes my Liege.” taking off as the king enters his tent Dirge is in there preparing the kings dinner. The fat king Nasco walking in grunts as he sits on his chair. His weight causing it to creak and sink into the soft ground. “You there boy, bring me some wine. I had a hard day.” The king leaning back more in his chair it gives out as his ass hits the ground. Dirge holds back his laugh as he looks at the king flailing around. “WELL HELP ME UP YOU USELESS BOY.” the king yells as he is rolling on the ground like a turtle stuck on its back. Dirge trying to help the king but due to is weight he can’t lift him up. “GO GET THE CAPTAIN!!!” the kings face getting redder as his voice gets more hoarse from all the screaming. Telio’s barges in and sees the king on the ground, throwing Dirge out of the tent. 


Dirge hears commotion between the king and the captain standing up to brush the dirt off. “Good, they will be distracted.” Dirge starts making his way through the camp to the edge of the forest where they made camp. Heading into the forest he spots Shay where he told her to wait. Her back is to him as he walks quietly through the brush of the forest. When he clears up he leans up against a tree she doesnt notice him. The fire flickers on the trees casting shadows as they dance around on the tree tops. Noctural animals start their process of the nightly hunt before they rest at dawn. 


Dirge listens in as he hears a soft voice sing, 


“Darkness surrounds those who enter,

Forsake those who dare, whos greed

Greed, for those who want not but all

Darkness surrounds those who enter,

Forsake those who dare, whos greed

Greed, for greed is good, greed is power

Never stop, carve the path.”


Shay slowly stands as she walks around the fire, her body being bathed in light he listens to her words as they are beautiful as is her angelic voice,


“Darkness surrounds those who enter,

But, there is one, 

One….

Forsake those who dare, there is one

One to enter, one to guide, whos light

will Bathe the world as it touches the sky,

Those who dare to leave the light,

Forever, forever…..”


Shay sings slowly as the light dies down,


“Forever,…..For…sa…ken.”


Shay sits down on the ground as she focuses on the fire, Dirge leaves the cover of the trees as he walks over to Shay. “That was…beautiful.” Dirge says as he sits down across from her the fire slowly dying down, as Dirge tosses a small branch onto the fire.


“It was a song my Grandpa would sing to me when I was feeling alone and scared. He said it always made him brave when he was scared.” Shay’s face burries into her knees as she clutches her arms around her ankles. The fire crackles as the branch slowly burns, embers toss and float in the air like little wisps. Shay lifts her finger as they swirl around it, gently blowing it. Dirge’s eyes focused on her short manish hair but still the light of the flame dances over her hair as it shines and reflects almost looking like a jewel held up to the bright sun.


Dirge pushes his legs forward as he leans back on his hands looking up at the stars above, the tree tops gently swaying with the breeze. The moonlight shining through the branches and leaves of the forest illuminating the forest around them. “I know the feeling of being alone.”


Dirge leans forward sitting on his legs as he crosses them, “When I was seven my father came home late from drinking. Him and my mother fought and argued. I was outside tending to the chickens before I went to bed.” Dirge slowly picks at the ground throwing random things into the fire as he stares into it. The flame reflecting in his eyes as they sway with the breeze, they flicker and dance as Shay looks at him her eyes filled with pain and empathy. Leaning more on her knees she listens to him, “Mom was cooking dinner, there was a loud crash. I ran to the house as fast as my legs could carry me. But, i wasn’t fast enough. My father was standing in the kitchen with a heavy metal pot. Red liquid splattered over the tables and food, my mother laying on the ground not moving. I stared into my fathers eyes, as he looked down at what he just did. 


Dirge’s eyes fill with tears as he screams out, “Why Father!” his father gets mad as he can’t take back what he did. He tries to get to his son but the table gets in the way allowing Dirge to run, run as fast as his legs can go. Never stopping.


Dirge slowly gets up as he grabs some more smaller branches to throw into the fire, “Then, after years of running. Surviving on my own all this time.” kicking some dirt around the branches catch fire as the flame grows. Dirge cant help but look deep into the burning embers. “I found him, he was drinking. Stumbling around, i followed him. Bottle in hand, stumbling from pole to pole. Bouncing off barrels and people. He drinks and drinks, till we get outside the walls of the city. He leans against them as he mumbles to himself, sipping from the bottle. Seeing its empty his father gets pissed slamming the bottle against the wall shattering it. Dirge walks out from the darkness to confront the man.


“Glad to see you haven’t changed.” Dirge steps closer to the man revealing his face in the pale moon light. His face inches away he slams his hand up to the wall next to the mans head. Leaning the booze smell is so strong Dirge feels like hes getting drunk just smelling the mans breath. “Tsk, tsk, tsk.” Dirge slaps the man across the face as he falls to the ground. The man doesn’t even respond but mumbles as he rolls around on the ground. 


Dirge kneels down beside the man as he rolls around his face cut open, his hair ragged and full of dirt. Grabbing the drunken mans hair he spits in his face as he stands up. Pulling out of his pocket Dirge reveals a small set of flint and steel. Dirge looks down at the man whos to drunk to even know he exists. Grabs the flint in one hand the steel in the other as he slowly strikes it, then again this time harder. Then again, as a spark falls from it. Striking it more, more and more sparks fall onto the drunk mans clothes. They start to slowly ignite as the fire then quickly spreads across the mans body. He screams in pain as his whole body is engulfed in flames, his booze soaked clothes excellerates the spread. Dirge stares at the man rolling around on fire his skin producing this awful smell as it melts off his bones. The screaming slowly stops as so the body. Slowly burning away Dirge turns as he scoffs one more time. 


Shay’s eyes light up in shock as Dirge finishes his story, his eyes locked onto the burning deep embers. Sounds of a man screaming as he is burned alive plays in Dirge’s head. As it fades his eyes look up to meet Shay’s. “I was so angry, he killed my mother!” Dirge exclaims as he walks around letting steam off.


“Even so, to burn him alive. To watch a man go through that pain.” Shay speaks up her voice soft and reserved. Dirge stops and turns to her his eyes with regret. “I know that, but at the time. All I could think about was revenge. He took something from us that night. From me.” Dirge turns holding his hand over his heart looking up into the night sky as a shooting star flies through the clear night sky.


Shay wanting to speak but she can’t think of anything to say, to atleast add or help. She doesn’t want to make things worse, she couldn’t even save herself from almost being taken advantage of. Her eyes are filled with sympathy as she tries to search his, in the light as the flame bounces around in his eyes it almost seems to swirl in them. His darkness starts to show, the darkness in his heart. Her necklace vibrates on her chest as she grabs it with her hand, clutching it closer to her. Dirge, breathing more heavily his eyes still focused on the burning embers.


A dark aura starts to fog around Dirge as the very air around him distorts as it heats up. Shay’s necklace vibrates more as she opens her palm, the sword instantly grows to its orginal size. Floating in front of her she grabs gently onto the hilt, the weight of the sword now in her hands. The fire flickers more, growing and growing. The heat builds up, Dirge’s eyes are dim red as the fire grows. Shay, stumbles back trying to stand, the heat intensifying. 


Dirge’s clothing lifts in the air as the dark fog at his feet rises up his body, his form starting to shift. His eyes glowing more red, the flames of revenge grow in him, feeding the darkness in his heart. Shay’s leaps back her sword pointing fowards, “Dirge…” Shay’s voice grows more stern. “Dirge, let go of the darkness. Let the light in, do not let it consume you.” 


Dirge’s eyes shift slowly towards Shay. His voice deepens as it grows more corrupted, “This one is mine, his heart is mine. If you wish to save him. You know where to meet me.” Shay' reaches a hand out as Dirge falls to the ground the fire returning to small burning embers. The light fades as darkness creeps in around him. Shay dives on top of him, the sword glows bright as the dark fog recedes back into the shadows. “Dirge!” setting the glowing sword on the ground near his face the light pushes away the darkness as his eyes are glazed over. She lowers her ear to his chest, thump, thump. She sighs with relief, hes alive. She kneels down sitting on her legs pulling his head onto her lap she runs her hand through his hair as she sings,


“For those who leave the light are,

Forsaken….”


her voice trails off as she sobs, the fire slowly dies out as the last ember loses it’s light.



