Shay leaning against a tree hides from a patrol as she tries to sneak back towards the encampment to retrieve her sword. Nearing the cooks tent where she left her sword in a nearby sack of grain, spots a shadow approaching from in front of her. Voices of men are heard as they chat about nothing, staying silent and perfectly still Shay sticks to the tent wall as it flaps in the wind. After what seems like forever the voices trail off as the shadows are seen to be moving away.


Finally reaching the cooks tent she can’t smell any more food being cooked and the tone of the tent has become still and quiet. Looking around she spots the sack of grain still sitting there, making her way to the bag checking to see if the coast is clear dives into the bag. Searching and searching she cant find it, starting to get nervous she dumps the bag out slipping the contents all over the ground. Franticly she searches through the loose grains. Her heart skins and her skin turns pale, “I can’t find it, where is it…where is it…” she mutters to herself trying not to panic. 


Giving up hope and draining all the bags she could find the ground is covered in wasted grains. She kneels on the ground, her face in her hands as she starts to weep. “I lost it, again. I failed again. Grandpa I am sorry.” Falling face first into a pile of grain she cries more sinking into the grains. Her nose hits something hard, something cool, something…metal. Scrambling up she tears into the pile of grain and at the bottom is a shiny piece of silver metal. Grabbing for it she holds it above her head, its her sword. Standing up clutching it near her chest she jumps for joy in the air alittle to loudly as she alerts a nearby guard. 


As she lands she turns around to see two men fully armored with spears pointed at her, putting her arms behind her back she slips the sword between her shorts and underwear. Her face wide with a nervous smile, “Beauitful night isn’t it.” She looks up as she does the two guards do was well. Using it as a distraction she makes a break for it, the two guards snap back and chase her, “Hey, get back here!” one of the two guards yell, alerting others men start to speak up. The camp slowly comes alive as she is now dodged and hiding from getting captured.


“There she is!” A voice is heard shouting as others start searching towards her. Her breathing is heavy as she runs from the guards, constantly moving. Each time she gets close to a way out they block her in. Seeing an opening over the fence she sprints for it. “Shes over here!” A guard shouts loudly as Shay rushes past him, knocking him back his heavy armor hitting the ground making a loud crashing sound.


Shay smiles as she looks over her shoulder as she sprints full speed towards the fence, sticking her tounge out at the guard she knocked over. The next thing she feels is pain, pain in her face and back. Shes laying on the ground, looking up she is seeing stars and not the ones in the night sky. Slowly a shadow looms over her, “Well well, who do we have here.” she sees the mans face slowly being revealed in the light as he bends down, his gaze looking over her body. 


“Captain Telios, sir!” A guard runs up to him clearly out of shape and out of breath, he keels over trying to catch his breath. “Take this girl to the holding tent. She is to be watched at all times.” the captain orders his men. Saluting the captain another couple guards have made their way over to them. Picking up the woozy Shay they drag her body across the camp, she sees figures of men with torches and spears all cheering and whistling at her. Passing the central tower in the yard pulling her into a tent with two poles burried into the ground, chaining each arm to each pole they let her body hang by its limbs.


Two guard’s stand watch inside the tent as the face Shay, shes awake but barely. Fading in and out, she hears bits and piece of talking but not enough to make out any words. 


“Leave us be.” She hears as loud footsteps are heard, the metal clinks on the ground with each step. Tilting her face up she can see the captain and a fat man behind him dressed in expensive looking fabrics. “You must be the girl I keep hearing about.” She sees the fat man walk around the captain, his steps heavy with his weight. Putting his hand on the captains shoulder, “Look at this poor thing captain.” the fat man grabs his belly as he laughs so hard he almost coughs. 


Stepping before Shay he puts his hand under her chin, her emerald eyes looking up at him. The light illumates them enough to see a flicker of hate, of fear, of pain in her eyes. Looking down at her his thick fat hand touching her body, his hand slides down from her chin, one finger traces down her neck, she tries to resist. “Hold her still!” He turns over his shoulder calling to the two guards in the room.


They rush over each grabbing an arm they look at each other, they don’t want to do this. Not wanting to defy the king they grip the girl by the arms as they pull her up to her feet. Keeping her still using the chains to limit her movement the king steps foward. His short stature makes him the same height as her, his gaze lingers from her emerald eyes, slowly she feels his gaze. Lowering down her face, his finger resumes it’s journey. She looks away, powerless. A look of lust and greed in the man’s eyes as his hands reach out grabbing the air. She closes her eyes and braces herself. A tear wells up in the corner of her eye, she can’t look. Her mind drifts to thoughts of her Grandpa, how he would tell his stories everynight to her. No matter how many times she heard them, she always loved to listen to him. His words and presence was warm and comforting, safe.


Her mind starts to ignore reality as the man is about to begin his acts of violation on her. She feels the warmth of the summer sun when she was a little girl. Picking flowers in the nearby meadow, making tiny flower crowns for all the woodland animals that would scurry around her. She feels the man’s gross hand fondle her over her shirt, his sounds of joy only cause her to wince in pain. She wants to scream, say something but shes powerless. Closing her eyes as much as she can she starts to hum, the king’s hands exploring her body. Her thoughts trying to shift from the act to happy memories. Humming louder trying to drown out the sounds of the man, his joy. The other two guards look away in disgust. The captain puts his hand up as his mouth opens, but nothing comes out. Lowering his arm he turns around to face the other direction. 


Shay wants it to be over, just let him have what he wants. It will be over, it will be over she repeats to herself as she hums. The king’s lust takes full control, his focus is to futhur down. His hands run slides down her belly, feeling how sweaty they are, his breath smelly with the dinner he ate before this. Feeling his hand reaching nearing it’s destination on her body, shes about to scream, as her mouth opens men are heard screaming.


“Run! Run! The forest! It..” The voice is cut off and replaced with a blood curdling scream. More and more screams are heard intertwined with sounds of metal as swords and spears are drawn. Snarls and growls so horrible that the very bones of their bodies shake in fear. 


“My Lord, we must get you to safety.” The captain standing outside the tent as men run around, beasts and creatures randomly scatter. The king looks at Shay and then back at the captain, then looking back at Shay her eyes staring into his. He kisses her lips as he releases from her, “You two secure her. Bring her with us.”


As the two men nod their faces covered with fear, the king runs off with the Captain leaving Shay alone with these two. One of the guards pulls out a set of keys, his hands shaking so badly he can’t find the right one to unlock her. All three look at the same time to the dark entryway of the tent, as the flap swings with the wind they see random fires scattered. In the little window as the flap swings open they see a beast, three times the size of a wolf. It’s fangs dripping with blood, the other guard panics as he gets between the beast and them. He rasies his shield and sword. His nerves are visable, his voice trembles. He tries to speak but all that comes out is, “Hurry…hurry….”


The other guard fumbles dropping the keys on the ground, dropping to his knees his hand searching through the dark the ground loose sand. In his panic he doesn’t realize he is buring the keys more and more. His helmet falls off his head, he leans foward to grab it. His hand touches the helmet he feels a wettness on his hand. Looking up in his face is a pair of fangs that are drooling saliva and blood, a finger caught between the beasts teeth. He tries to scream as the beast lunges foward biting his neck, Shay looks away from him as she looks foward the other guard panics as he turns his back to save his friend. 


Doing so left him open, the beast from the front leaps through the door. Pouncing on top of him, it’s sharp claws digging into the mans chest. Shay starts to panic as both of the men are being eaten alive around her. Trying to free herself she can’t break the chains. In her struggles the beast in front of her looks up, chewing on pieces of flesh from the freshly killed man. Blood covers it’s nose and face, drooling as it snarls at her. The beasts body turns walking over the dead body, making it’s way slowly towards Shay. Lowering it’s body about to pounce she closes her eyes. The beast leaps, time stops.


Opening her eyes expecting to being eaten alive she sees this massive beast frozen in the air, its mouth open inches from her face. Looking behind her she feels a small vibration coming from behind her. “The sword!” she gasps.


Closing her eyes she frees herself, she lets the light hug her. Thoughts of her Grandpa fill her mind, she lets out a small smile whispering, “I’m sorry Grandpa.” as shes bathed in a brilliant white light, as its cast down from the heavens. She feels a warmth surrounding her lifting her up into the air. The chains stopping her from going higher, her eyes are closed. Her thoughts focused on the voice, “I am proud of you kid.” she hears a familiar voice. “That was the last of the power that remained in the sword. It protected you up to now, but now my dearest Shay.” she can feel his hand on her face, gently carressing it. “It’s time for you to let go, make it your own.” his voice starts to trail off, she feels his presense slowly fading away. “Grandpa.” Shay tries to call out in her head, she listens for his voice now very faint. “Break free Shay.”


Her eyes open, her hair growing. It’s length returns to it’s orginal size, shimmering in the white light around her. Her emerald green eyes turn to red. Her body heating up, growing excited. The chains melting off her wrists falling into a molten pool as it quickly cools on the ground. Her long ruby red hair flows around, putting her hand up the tiny sword floats up from behind her. Gently hovering over her palm, closing her eyes a name enters her mind, “Icarus”.


The sword vibrates glowing a dim white as the hue shifts to red. As she speaks the name a whirlwind twists around her kicking up all the dust. Covering her eye’s at first she feels the air around her is calm, opening one eye she sees the dust swirling all around her like in the eye of a tornado. Above her spins a brilliant red spear, she realizes the spear is causing the whirlwind. Looking down at her hand she sees the palm glowing red as a red tattoo with a symbol shes never seen before slowly appearing. 


Putting her palm up to face the spinning spear it slows down, the wind ceases as the spear gently lands in her palm. Gripping it tightly in her hand and then the other, it’s weight is perfect. She tests it by swinging it around over her head, shes never used a spear before but somehow she instinctly knows what to do. 


A huge grin spreads across her face, she forgot the frozen beast in the air. Her hand glides along the coarse fur of the beast as she walks along side it. As she reaches the end of the beast time resumes, the beast confused flying through the spot that she was. The other beast unfreezes as well the two of them colliding. Turning she walks outside the tent, screams being heard in the distance of both men and beast alike. Standing there she grips her spear in her hand looking around for a way out. Spotting a path, dead bodies are laid about randomly, some still barely alive holding their parts there were once inside them now outside of them.


The smell of the fire as it burns the camp down, the scent of the copper in the blood wafting through the air. The air is thick with death and destruction. She spots a carriage taking off with horses barely attached to it. A solider on the back trying his best to get a beast that has latched itsself into the wood of the carriage, it’s body hitting the ground with each bump the horses frantic sprinting. As the beast is struck in the head killing it, it’s body goes limp as it body bounces across the ground being pushed off the carriage, riding away into the night full speed towards Nasco.


Shay watched as the carriage vanished into the night, using this chance she grabs hold her spear holding it behind her running towards her way of escaping. The tower burns like a beacon in the night, she hears the foundation creak as the fire burns away at the wood. He pace quickens, she can’t turn back now. Her focus split between the falling tower and her exit she lowers her head and points her spear foward as she leaps rolling in the air, a jet of air blows behind her. It was just enough of a boost as the tower crashes behind her as she rolls on the ground across the dirt. Looking back as she props herself up by her arms, her breathing is heavy. Her body aches, looking down she clutches her ribs as they throb with pain as each breath she takes feels like she has thorns in her lungs.


Using her spear to help her walk, she clutches her ribs with one arm while the other grips her spear as it digs into the ground with each step. Looking up she can see the exit is up ahead, its size growing to indicate shes moving closer to it. “Almost there Shay.” She whispers to herself, her ribs feel like they are on fire. 


“We finally meet alone.” A mysterious voice is heard as a man steps out from a pile of burning boxes. Standing between her and the exit he faces her. His hand on the hilt of his sword, his body covered head to toe with armor. A cape that waves in the wind with the blood red colors of Nasco with the symbol of a coin outlined with gold. His black eyes focused on her, as she fights past the pain in her ribs standing straight up pulling her spear out of the ground, one hand still over her ribs the other gripping the spear between her arm and body holding it with a firm grip, her stance lowers to guard. The man looks over his shoulder looking at the exit and then back to Shay he takes a bow, “Captain Teilos at your service, the kings personal guard.” He slowly straightens out, reaching up to carefully remove his cape. Shay stands there still on guard, the spear pointed out from her body to create distance. 


As he folds his cape setting it down on a nearby box, walking back to stand in her way of leaving this place. Slowly he unsheaths his sword, the shiny blade grinds against the leather. Holding it in one hand he steps back with one foot, digging into the dirt. “I was instructed to either ensure your capture and return to Nasco…” he starts to shrug as he smirks, “Or, see to it your death by my hand.” 


Without warning he leaps at Shay, she raises her spear pain shoots through her ribs causing her to not perfetly parry his attack. The blade slides down the shaft, mustering some strenght she lifts her hand causing the blade to deflect off the spear and over her head, leaving his side open she spins around the spear pinned against her body as she hits him directly in the side with the back end of the spear. The force of the impact against his metal armor sends a vibration through her spear and into her hand. She bites down to fight the sting in her hands trying not to drop the spear. Recovering from the strike Telios counters by swinging backhanded with one hand, Shay can’t block it so instead she ducks down bending backwards. Her ribs feel like they just shattered more as she falls flat on her back, dodging the blade. 


The wind gets knocked out of her as she gasps like a fish out of water, Telios turns after recovering from the stumble as he misses her. Turns to see her on her back, her body showing signs of intense pain. Her mouth gasping for air as her lungs feel like they are dust. A evil smirk from the corner of his lip, his hand grips the sword tighter. Like a predator playing with its soon to be kill he casually walks over to her body thats lays on the ground in pain. Lifting his sword above his head he swings straight down, clink. Shay lifts the spear to block the hit, Telios laughs as he goes to strike again. Lifting her spear to closes her eyes feeling the sword and spear clash, the weight and power behind his strike is pure anger. Like a rabid animal he strikes again, again, again and again, over and over. Each clash she blocks the attacks, each hit feels heavier, the spear feeling like it weighs a ton in the palm of her hand.


Sparks fly with each strike, his face with rage. “It was supposed to be me.” Striking harder then before, her strenght gives out in his final blow. The spear rolls on the ground at his feet, his chest heaving as his face shows nothing but desire, the leather that wrapped around the hilt of the blade is heard as Telios squeezes it, his laugh turning more psychotic. Through the haze of blood in her eyes seeing a figure standing above her the sword streaks with oranges, yellows and reds. His face reflected in the blade, his smile that of joy. He grunts and screams as the blade starts to fall, her eyes are closed, helpless. A horse is heard in the distance, Telios stops mid swing as he looks back behind him. His vision is filled with white as Freyo charges in ramming straight into Telios. His body flies across straight into a pile of burning wood. His hand is seen sticking out, as the fire erupts more around him. 


Freyo looks down at Shay nudging her with his head she wakes up, “Who…” her vision returning seeing a white horse above her, she raises her hand up as the horse moves around allowing her to grasp the saddle straps. Using the straps and horse as leverage slowly and painfully she rises to her feet. Kicking the spear, bends over to grab it her ribs won’t last longer, her breathing so heavy to try and get any sort of air inside her. Using the spear and one final push she climbs on top of Freyo, grabbing to whatever she can the horse takes off through the exit and out of the camp that is now nearly burnt to the ground, the screams of the last few remaining men are heard in the distance, Freyo sprinting with fury in its legs. Shay sees Freyo gallaop past the cart that contained Dirge in it, her voice weak “Wait….Dirge….”


Freyo neighs lowering her head and picking up more speed, the cart grows smaller in her vision, blackness takes over, her hand reaching for the cart. Her body gives out.



