

Freyo never stopping as he went as fast as his four legs would go. Shay bouncing on his back the saddle cushioning some of the blunt force as her hand has locked its grip on the strap, almost sub consciously holding on as to not fall off. Getting to the top of the final hill Nasco in the distance, Freyo stops for just a moment. It’s face detirmened, Shay’s body moans and groans but shes still alive. Charging down the hill Freyo pushes past his limits carrying Shay on his back, the gates to Nasco closing ahead as the carriage that has the king arrived. To far away to make it Freyo directs his body to forest and river that runs along side the high walls of the city. His long face smashes through the brush and branches, as he sees his destination. A man sitting next to a metal grate where a stream of water from the city empties into the river stream.


The man stands holding his torch up, “Who’s there?” the man whispers trying to see whos there as a white horse leaps out from the bushes, landing in front of the man the horse digs its hooves into the dirt slowing its momentem down as Shay’s grip fails her body rolls off Freyo’s saddles and her into the river her face down in the water as it slowly starts to carry her. The man drops the torch as he runs through the ankle high stream, grabbing the girl he sees the horse fall over, its belly breathing so hard that hes never heard a horse gasp for air before.


The girl, alive but seriously hurt he looks around as he knocks on the gate.  A man appears with a torch in his hand, sticking his head out he looks around around the opening of the small gate. Seeing a unconscious girl barely hanging on scrambling back into the tunnel, appearing moments later with a cloth. Laying it down in the tunnel floor they two men pull her body onto the cloth. 


“Who is she?” the first man asks. “I don’t know, never seen her in my life. But that horse..” the second man points to Freyo. “Thats not a normal horse, see the brand its from the kings army.” The first man looks back over his shoulder and sees the brand on the horse’s saddle. “What do we do with her?” The first man asks the other one, looking down to see this girl on a cloth. “We take her to Mama, she will know what to do.” The second man suggesting. “Now help me drag her.”


The two men each grab an end of the cloth as they drag her along the tunnels, the smell fills the air from the streets above. Down below however, the smell is worse. Garbage, human waste, rotting food, dead animals and anyone who was unlucky enough to end up down here. Shay slowly stirs breifly opening her eyes, “Dirge…” is all she could get out before passing out again. 


The two men look at each other and shrug their shoulders, “No idea who that is.” The first man says, “Me either.” the other in response.


The tunnel starts to widen till eventually it opens to a massive underground system. It’s like a city under the city, the tunnel leads them to a back entrance into the city. At the end of the tunnel the second man looks down over the edge, “Ill climb down, then you can lower her.” Lowering himself down and slowly crawling over the edge, his feet just dangling a few feet above the ground. Letting go he safely drops to the ground holding his hands up the first man slowly pushes Shay’s body towards the edge, as he feet hang off the lip of the tunnel the first man stands on his tips of his toes, grabbing her feet he slowly drags her down as the first man lowers her making sure to protect her head.


Safely lowering her a couple of shady characters walk out from the dark alley next to them, “Well, well well, looks like we got some fresh meat.” as the two men enter what little light there is they each are holding daggers in their hand’s. “I got this Jim.” The second man tells the first, “Ill take her to Mama then, try not to hurt them to much Bob.” the first man says, lifting her on his shoulder he carries her away into the darkness leaving Bob there with these two men.


Bob helps get Shay on Jim’s shoulder then turns his focus to the other two men, walking towards them he cracks his knuckles. Reaching into his coat pocket pulling out a pair of metal knuckles, firmly sliding them onto each his hands he raises his arms and grins. “Well, we don’t have all day.” his eyes darting between the two as they spilt up, one going right the other left. They circle around them, smiling as they fiddle with their daggers in their hands. “Should of had your friend stay.” One of the thieves say his voice low and raspy. “Well, it’s an unfair fight now as it is.” Bob remarks back, excitement in his voice. “You seem to be sure of yourself.” the theif says trying to distract Bob.


Lunging at Bob when his back is turned one of the thieves leads with his dagger, the dagger’s target is Bob’s back. Bob smirks as his focus is on the other one, the attacking thief screams in pain as Bob spins to grab the mans hand, squeezing it. The man drops the dagger as his hand is crushed, “You broke my hand you bastard.” the man using his other arm tries to punch Bob. Bob counter’s with lighting speed as his hand connects with the mans face. Flying back the man slides across the ground as Bob turns back to face the first thief. 


“There, now it’s fair.” Bob laughs charging towards the first thief, the man puts his dagger up to block. Bob’s smiles as he ducks under the mans counter, Bob’s arm lands perfectly centered on the man, he instantly falls to his knees and vomits up blood. Bob slowly stands up and cleans his metal knuckles off the mans clothes, then putting them away he looks down at the man on the ground. “I wasn’t even warmed up yet.” Bob spits on the man as he walks away heading the direction his friend took Shay.


Jim carrying Shay walks up a huge gate with two heavily armed men standing guard, “Halt.” The guard pointing his hand out. “Fuck off.” Jim says walking past them, “Just doing my job Jim.” the guard yells as Jim up to him, the gates open. Revealing a massive unground makeshift mansion. Random people moving around as they see Jim carrying this random girl. Shay stirs awake again slightly, her vision very blurry. “Where…am I?” Shay woozily says. “Mama’s” Jim says walking up a set of stairs leading into a massive wooden door. 


As the doors open Jim walks into the building. Shay’s vision slowly improving, she can make out figures in the building. The room they are in has a couple at the entrance, as they walk up the hallway and to the set of stairs to the next level. People move out the way as mutter to themselves seeing someone new. Shay’s vision gets better as Jim works his way up the stairs. Getting to the top Shay speaks up, “I think…I can walk now.” Jim turning his head he gently lowers her to feet. Shes unsteady at first but steadies herself. “Where am I?” She says.


“Mama’s follow me.” Jim says as he continues walking, Shay trying to question him but hes already walking away. “Hey wait up!” she says catching up to him she walks keeps pace with him. “So who’s Mama?” her voice is nervous. “Shes the queen of the Underbelly.” Jim remarks, stopping to face her. “She can answer all your questions.” 


“Why can’t you?” Shay demands. He smirks and then opens the door thats behind him Shay was to busy talking to notice. “Because, she can answer them. She is waiting for you.” He steps out of the way the doors revealing a big room full of junk but in the middle is a throne made out of random things, sitting on it is a woman who looks to be in her 40’s. Wearing clothing that is slightly more fancy then everyone else, she slowly stands as walks towards Shay, noticing she has a slight limp in her walk. “Ah, you must be the girl who was found with a King’s army horse. Everyone calls me Mama, that includes you.” she grins as she chuckles. Standing before Shay, shes equal in height. Her hair is frizzy but long, it’s color is different then the rest. One half is white the other is green, Shay looks closer at her hair. “Thats so cool! Your hair that is.” Shay blurts out loud. Mama smiles like a mother would at her child, her hand gently pats her shoulder making her way to the side of her. 


“So is yours, the girl with the ruby hair.” Mama walks away from Shay to a makeshift table that has a couple dirty looking mugs on it. Grabbing one the mugs she downs the contents as she makes a satisfying noise. “Your pretty famous down here you know that?” mama speaking to Shay, her hands pouring herself another drink from an unlabeled bottle. “Thirsty?” shaking the bottle at Shay. Nodding her head, “Beyond belief I am!” walking up to Mama and grabbing the mug from her hand. Taking a sip from it she instantly spits it out, “What the hell is that? Poison?” shay spitting the liquid out, mama laughing at her. “Alcohol…well…close enough anyway.” smiling as she then proceeds to drink the rest, showing its empty she throws it as it shatters against the wall. “So, what is the Girl with the Ruby hair doing with a King’s horse?” Mama’s tone more serious, facing Shay the look in her eyes is cautious. 


“Freyo? Well you see what happened was…” Shay then explains everything that happened at the camp to Mama. As she finishes the story Mama walks over to her throne, sitting on it crossing her legs. Her arm proping her head up, her eyes and face lost in thought. Shay stands there silently, waiting for Mama’s next move.


“So, the truce is over huh. Been that long already.” Mama speaking to herself. “So, let me get this straight.” Mama stands up and walks around the room, her hands behind her back as she tries to piece everything together. “You and this boy, Dirge was it. You and Dirge.” 


Shay speaking up, “And Freyo!”


“Yes yes, the horse. So you three followed the kings army as they headed to the Forsaken Forest. Dirge unconcious but you won’t tell me why. Then on a cart you pull him to the king’s encampment. You leave him behind so you can sneak in, then your belly takes over and you steal food, leave your weapon behind and get caught. Then as the king was fondling you the camp was attacked by monsterous creatures from the forest. That about do it?”


Shay thinks for a second, “I think so…oh there was something with the Captain but it’s all hazy I can’t remember I just know him and I met as I was trying to escape.” she then panics as the necklace is missing from her neck. “Where is it!” Shay panics as she looks around the room. “Where’s what?” mama obviously confused at what Shay is looking for. “My necklace, it was a gift from my Grandpa.” Shay panics more as she can’t find it anywhere. “You didn’t have a necklace when my men found you.” her mind clicks, “How did you find us?”


Shay’s face almost in tears, “I lost it again.” her head in her hands as she starts to cry completely ignoring mama she falls to her knees full on crying. “Now now girl we will find your necklace, if not well, lesson learned.” Mama says as she snaps her finger, Jim opens the door. “Yes Mama.” he asks. “Find this girls necklace, start by looking where you found her.” Mama order’s Jim. He nods closing the door, turning her attention back to Shay.


“So, now answer me. How did you find us?” Mama stands over Shay a look on her face that means business. “I…I don’t know…” Shay says sobbing, “I passed out in the camp and next thing I knew I was on your henchman’s shoulder. I don’t even know where I am right now.” Shay looks up at Mama, leaning down to wipe the tears from Shay’s eyes. “Your in my world, welcome to the Underbelly.” Mama helps her up, brushing the dirt off her clothes. “Now, we have plenty of time. But you must be exhausted and hungry, I know I am. So, why don’t you follow one of my men he will take you to your room you can stay for the night. Rest, eat, be well. We will talk in the morning. Now go.” Mama claps her hands the door opens, two men emerge from the hallways. “Take her to her room, see that shes taken care of. Shes under Mama’s protection.” the men nod as they grab Shay’s arm she tries to resist and speak to Mama. The men take her out of the room, the door closes as Mama is seen to be sitting back on her throne as the doors close. “Fine, fine. Ill go with you, I can walk myself you know.” Shay says pushing the guys away.


“Fine, but stay close.” one man says, “Yea who knows what may happen to a pretty thing like you in the Underbelly.” The other man laughs as the first one joins in. Shay’s face is that of disgust, they start walking as she follows them. The hallways while long are very simple, leading from Mama’s room is three hallways each one leading a different direction. The one they came from the stairs, one to a balcony at the end of and the other is a bunch of rooms. Almost looks like a hotel with the amount of rooms in the hallway. Leading her down the hallway with the rooms, each door with a number on it starting at 101. 


Leading her down the hallway past the doors he stops in front of door 106, unlocking it he steps aside. “Your room, for your safety you won’t be allowed past this room. If you need anything ask whoever is guarding your door at the time. I leave you be.” 


Shay is hesitant at first but she nods to him, looking inside the room she steps in. Seeing it with a simple bed, a window that is boarded up. She tries to ask something but the man closes the door as she hears the door lock. Sighing she proceeds more into the simple bedroom. Feeling the bed it’s not the most soft thing but it’s better than nothing, the window even though heavily boarded up she can look through the tiny slit that was missed, enough to put her hand through but not enough for her body. Although she checks the boards making sure they are secured, she doesn’t think about escaping.


“Where would I even go?” muttering to herself as she pulls on the boards. Stepping away from the window she turns her attention to exploring the rest of her room. The dresser with only one drawer in it, a wooden bucket with some dirty looking towels next to it. Another bucket on the ground thats smaller, a smell coming from it that she recognizes. Igoring that smaller one she heads to the bigger one, stepping up to it she sees its full of water, her hand traces across the surface, it’s cold. Heading to the dresser pulling open the one door revealing nothing inside it. “Shit.” whispering to herself. Heading to the door she knocks on it, a muffled male voice on the other side. “What do you want already.” it’s the man who escorted her here.


“I don’t have any clean clothes.” she yells through the door. “Well, get cleaning then you have a wash bucket.” she hears a muffled chuckle. She backs away from the door, “Well, shit.” Shay thinks to herself. Making sure the door is locked she jiggles the handle. “Hey, I just told you to use the bucket we don’t have anything for it.” as a muffled voice of the man comes through the door.


Shay backs away, “I wasn’t…oh nevermind.” angerly she stomps towards the wash bucket. Seeing her reflection in the water her face bloody, her hair covered with dirt and debris. Looking down she finally takes time to see herself, her clothes are ragged and torn. “Wait…when did I get these?” noticing her clothes are different than her previous ones. Instead she is wearing a leather vest and pants with red fabric on the inside of it. Her feet are bare as she feels the cold wooden floor beneath her feet. Reaching for the bottem of the vest she gently pulls it up over her head, her body covered with cuts and bruises. Setting the vest on the bed she looks up to see herself in a very dirty mirror, her body is more toned. Her forearms have bulked up, her body overall more fit. Her ruby red hair while dirty is still seen in the dim light from the lamp on the bedside table. 


Tugging on the waist her pants she slides them down her toned legs, sitting on the bed kicking the pants to the side she sits there. The mirror reflecting whats in front of it, her sitting on the bed in her dirty undergarments. Her hand running across each cut and bruise as flashbacks pop up in her head of the fight with Telios. The fear she had, the change. Freyo….Dirge…. all running through her mind. Lost in thought shes startled by lock on the door clicking, followed by a knock and then someone entering.


“Don’t worry dear, its just us girls.” Shay seeing Mama appear into her room from the hallway holding a simple white shirt and pants. “Figured you would need these, nothing special.” Setting them on the bed, looking at the nearly naked Shay. Seeing the cuts and bruises all over her body, “How you holding up?” mama asks as she slowly sits next to Shay.


“I still don’t know, its all fragmented. I remember some more but I can’t make sense of it. I feel something but I can’t remember, I feel different…” she turns to mama whos now sitting next to her. “Like physically…it’s like my body changed.” Shay’s voice full of doubt and questions. 


Mama leaning back using her arms to support her, leaning her head against her shoulder looking at Shay. Looking at her hands and body Shay is just in shock. “Well, I’m sure it will all come back to you. Say, what say you and me go get some dinner? My treat.” She winks to Shay. Nodding to Mama, “I like the sound of that.” Looking at the clothes she brought in that are sitting on the edge of the bed. Shay slowly starts to stand as does Mama. “Ill let you get cleaned up, ill be back shortly.” Mama hands Shay one of the dry towels before rubbing the top of her head with it knocking some dirt loose. Chuckling to herself she leaves the towel on top of Shay’s head whos face is that of confusion. But going with it Shay smiles and nods, Mama then nods back and walking towards the door she knocks on it, “It’s Mama.” the door clicks and opens to let her out.


Shay looks at the clothes and then the bucket of water her stomach growls. “Food…” her mouth starts to drool. Shaking her head she snaps out of it, grabbing the towel off her head she decides not much to do. Dunking her head into the water and using her hands to wash out as much dirt from it as possible. The water quickly clouds up as the dirt leaves her hair. Holding her breath she dunks the rest of her head under. Vigoriously rubbing her hair till shes satisfied. 


Lifting her head out of the water as she gasps for air, looking into the dirty mirror she sees her now wet hair dripping onto the table and her body. Squeezing the water out of hair and into the bucket of water, her hair more clean now then before. Next grabbing the towel dipping it into the water to soak it, using it to slowly wipe off the dirt, grime and blood from her body. The water makes her skin crawl with how cold it is. Getting herself as clean as she can, quickly puts on the clothes Mama brought, finishing putting on the shirt she hears the door unlock and open with Mama’s voice entering the room.


“You ready yet dear? I’m starving.” Mama’s voice is laced with hunger. Shay finishing putting on her shirt and adjusting it and taking one final look into the mirror to adjust what she can with her hair being as wet as it is dripping onto her shirt a bit causing the shoulders to get damp slighty. Nod to herself as she looks into the mirror, “You got this girl.” Shay then heads out the door where Mama is waiting.


As Shay leaves the bedroom the hallways are quiet, it’s like a ghost town a stark contrast from before. Following Mama through the hallways and down the set of stairs Jim brought her up. They head into a room that has a table with some food set on it, nothing fancy just bread, butter and water. “Make yourself at home dear.” Mama tells Shay as she sits in a chair at the table herself.


Shay nodding, her eyes fixed on the bread. As she sits down all she can smell is the bread, her eyes filled with hunger. “Go on dear, eat up. Save room though for the main course.” Mama leaning back in her chair chuckling to Shay. Shay not hesitating rips a chunk of bread off the loaf as she shoves it into her mouth. The flavors while bland are way more than shes had in awhile, while chewing on the bread she starts to choke after putting to much in her mouth. Panicking she grabs the mug of water as she down its, the bread in her mouth absorbing it. Soft enough the bread easily is chewed and swallowed as Shay finishes it, letting out a satisfied sound. 


Shay rips off more bread but more carefully bites on it with more managable size as to not choke again. “So what’s this place?” Shay speaking as she chews the bread. Mama laughing as she gently cuts off a piece from the loaf, setting it on her plate she butters it up. “This is the Underbelly, we are right under Nasco.” Picking up the bread she takes a bite, “In fact we are almost right under the Castle where our high and mighty king lives.” the sarcasm in her voice is not subtle. “Long time ago I was once a solider of his highness’s army. I was the best, I was supposed to become the captain but he gave it to Telios. That bastard, I’m surprised he even knows what the pointy end of a sword is for.”


Mama pauses for a second to chew on another bite of the bread then washing it down with water. “Well, I got exiled so instead of doing what all the washouts do, i didnt drink myself to bottoms of bottles.” Shay’s mind wanders as Mama speaks, her talking about drinking reminds her of the story Dirge told her before he…changed. “….10 years ago I found this cavern underneath the city.” 


Before Shay can speak up a man enters the room holding two plates, setting one in front of both Mama and Shay she looks down at the plate, its got some vegetables and pork chops on it. A gravy that covers on top the pork with bits of pepper mixed into it. The smell is so inviting, grabbing her fork and knife cutting into the pork chop. Mama watches her with amusement as she begins to eat her food as well. Shay cuts a piece from the pork chop, dipping it in some gravy she raises the pork piece to her mouth as she clamps down on it.


The meat slides off the fork as she slide it past her lips, the piece of meat slowly melts in her mouth as she chews. Her eyes start to water as she swallows it, Mama watching her devour the meat as it slides down her throat. In contrast Mama cuts her food up taking her time, each piece cut into delicate little bite sized chunks. Mimicing Shay she brings a piece to her mouth and chews on it, a satisfied smile grows on her face. “Been awhile since I had fresh meat like this, had to pull some strings to get this for us.” Mama speaking to shay with a hint of deception in her voice.


“It tastes so good! My grandpa used to hunt, and we would eat fresh game he got that day.” her face turns sad as she plays with her food. “I bet you miss him.” Mama says trying to comfort Shay, her hand reaching across the table and caresses Shays arm. “Yea, he was amazing. He would tell these stories, he used to be a Solider too!” Shay says looking at Mama touching her arm, nervous about it she keeps her arm there. Mama pulls her hand away as she leans back in the chair, popping another piece of meat into her mouth, chews and swallows it. The meal turns quiet as they finish the meal. The silverware clinks on the plate as they finish eating, Mama claps her hands as the man walks in again. Taking the plates from them he bows and then leaves the room. 


“So, who are you really?” Mama questions Shay, her face serious. Her body relaxed but guarded. “I really don’t know myself. When my Grandpa died I couldn’t stay there anymore, alone.” Shay looks away at the wall her eyes tear up. “I feel so lost.” Shay looks back at Mama whos moved from her seat. Shay is confused when she feels a hand on her shoulder, Mama leans down and whispers in her ear, “Well, good thing for you I am in the mood for a lost sheep.” her fingers massage Shay’s shoulders. Shay’s body tenses up as she looks straight ahead, she doesn’t move a muscle. As Mama, grips her shoulders her body presses against the back of Shay’s head. Shay only reacts by staying perfectly still and squeezes her hands together, her eyes tightly shut as her mind tries to escape the reality. 


Her mind flashes images of her as a kid, running around in the woods. Her Grandpa chopping some firewood, the summer air warms her as the dress shes wearing gets caught on a branch, trying to free herself she rips it. Her face starts to well up as her eyes start to water, looking at the rip in her dress she runs to her Grandpa. “Whats the matter dear?” smiling as he sets his axe against the log. Kneeling down Shay runs into his arms crying, “My..my dress. I was playing and it ripped.” her face buried into his chest as he wraps his arms around her. “Now now it’s ok, lets go inside and get it fixed up good as new.” he pulls away from her, his big warm smile on his face. Shay jumps for joy as she nods, “Ok Grandpa!”


Shay snaps back to reality as Mama is now sitting in Shays lap. Mama’s chest pressing against Shay’s face, her hips grinding back and forth in Shay’s lap. She’s powerless, she tries to react but her body wont respond. Shay’s eyes tightly shut as Mama continues to use her for her own greed and pleasure. A single tear falls down Shay’s face as Mama grabs onto Shay’s shoulders and grinds with more force down in her lap. Her head tilted back as she arches her back, getting closer he looks down at Shay’s face, diving down to try and kiss Shay. Her eye’s open as Mama leans down, Shay’s mind starts to slip away escaping again. Mama’s lips lock onto hers, grinding into her lap as her lips press against Shay’s. 


“Enough.” A stern voice comes from Shay. Mama opening her eyes see’s Shay’s fire in her eyes as they glow a bright red. “I said enough!.” As an invisible force casuses Mama to fly off of Shay’s lap and agaisnt the wall, falling to the ground she lands hard on her ass. Shay stands up, her hair pulsing red as her flame red eyes stare directly at Mama. Her clothing ripples as it slowly morphs into her red leather vest and pants. An outline of a spear forms in her hand, fully forming Shay grips it and twirls it above her head. Pointing it towards Mama whos just now getting up. The wind increases as the room fills with random papers and loose items as they whirl around the room swirling around Shay. 


“Ah there she is.” Mama walks towards Shay, the spear tip pressing against the belly of Mama. “I had to make sure it was true.” Mama speaks looking down at the spear tip thats pressing against her belly. Shay’s voice booms as she speaks, “Friend or Foe.” her voice is different, stern and confident. Mama stepping back from the spear tip, “I should ask you the same, so who are you.”


Shay lowers her spear slight as the winds start to calm down some, “I am Aella. I am the protector of this mortal. She inherited me through her previous kin.” the wind calms down more as the objects slowly float to the ground the spear lowers more her eyes returning to normal. “What are your plans for this mortal.” Shay speaks firmly to Mama.


Mama slightly nervous but stepping back more, “My plans. Well, she is going to help me.” Mama’s voice more stern as she steps closer to Shay. “There was rumors of a girl with ruby red hair who had gifts. I had to see for myself. I got more than what I hoped for.” Mama snaps her fingers as several men rush into the room and surround Shay with their weapons drawn. The wind picks back up as Shay pulls the spear back observing the movements of the men as they circle around her. 


Mama smiles as she steps back allowing the men through, “No hard feelings but I require her. So, we can do this the easy way or..” she points to the men in the room. “The hard way.”


Shay grips her spear as the flame returns to her eyes opening her mouth to speak her voice is stern, “I do not recommend you attempt this, it will not end the way you think.” Shay raises her spear directly at Mama. The men getting nervous as the winds pick up more and more, almost sucking the air out of the room. Mama raises her hands and shrugs as she starts to head out of the room, standing in the doorway she looks away from them, “Hard it is.” She walks out of the doorway and dissapears into the hallway. Shay turns her focus to the half dozen men that are all pointing their swords at her with their shields rasied. 


“If you value your mortal life I suggest you do not attempt this.” Shay’s voice booms in the room her focus darts between each one sizing them up. One of them seems more scared then the others, as they move around the wind dies off as the room falls silent other than the shallow nervous breathing of the men. The man whos more scared bumps into the chair, Shay reacts instantly the spear impaling into the mans chest, lifting him into the air. He screams in pain as he grips the spear, blood pours from his wounds as he struggles to remove himself. 


The other 5 men use this distraction as they all charge at once, before they can strike they are blown away as Shay and the spear vanish. The mans body hits the ground clutching his chest trying to stop the bleeding. He reaches for help but it’s not given as his life slowly fades from his eyes. The other men stand up looking confused as Shay appears behind one grabbing his head and snaps his neck instantly killing him, his body drops to the floor with a hard thud. The 4 remaining men look at each other as they are scared, they muster up courage as they all strike again, Shay’s body moves with grace almost like water, dodging their attacks as she counters one by one. As the fight heats up Shay’s body loosens up, she feels the power returning to her. As Aella fades away Shay’s mind enters again, but shes just a passenger as she watches her body move and parry attacks with ease, the men struggling as she is only getting warmed up. 


With a final twirl in the air of her spear she impales it into two men at once, throwing their bodies towards the other two men who dodge, before they can react she leaps in the air at them. Her hand grips the face of one as she slams him into the ground caving in his face. Standing up blood drips from her hand, the spear pointed at the mans chest. Dropping his sword and shield he pees himself as the his crotch dampens. Falling to his knees he begs for his life, “Patheic” Shay says standing above him, her ruby red hair blowing in the wind. Her eyes pure fire as she holds the spear behind her. Walking past the man she steps on his hand crushing it, screaming in pain as he holds his hand she swings her spear around her body as it impales into the guys mouth. Pulling it up it slices his head into two as the body falls to the ground.


Looking at the open doorway she can spot several other men in armor holding their weapons forward, they are more armor then the other men. Focusing she grips her spear as she charges down the hallway, get body igniting in flames as she holds her spear foward. Leaping into the air she flyings foward into the group of men, her speed increases as she impales right through all the men. Landing on the other side their bodies cut in half as others are missing limbs. One still alive screams in pain as he sees his bottom half a few feet away from him. She leaves him be as she looks around for the exit. 


As she cuts through Mama’s men with ease, her body covered in their blood and guts. Finding the exit she bashes her way through the door, outside in the courtyard is very heavy armored men. Each one wearing full plate with two handed longswords in their hands. She counts a dozen men who are blocking her way out.


She stands at the top of the steps overlooking the men, as she steadies herself the spear gripped in her blood hands in front of her. Each stair she steps on the men step closer as they ready themselves. Reaching the bottem the dirt swirls around her feet, her eyes looking to each man. They all show no fear as they continue to step slowly towards her, their swords held ready to strike. Mama steps out behind her at the top of the steps in front of the door she just bashed her way through. “Still want to do this the hard way?” Her arms crossed in front of her, her sword sheathed at her hip.


Shay turns back to look at Mama, “You can still save the lives of your men, you do not have to do this.” 


Mama smirks as she steps down on the stair, slowly walking the sword swaying at her hip. “Unfortunally I require your gifts, you see when I heard about you I got excited. I could have my revenge, maybe I could take it from you. Let someone who’s not a scared little girl have it.” Stopping at the step before Shay she stands above her looking down. “If I have to take it by force then I will, what Mama wants, Mama gets.”


Shay goes to strike Mama with her spear but her reflexs are sharper then her men, shes on another level. Sparks fly as her sword blocks the spear, their strenght is even. Pushing away from Mama, Shay leaps back as the men close in on her. “My patience wears thin girl, I offer you one more time, give me your gifts or die with them.” Shay’s face shows some fear as she grips the spear and spins to face the men who are even closer to her. Sticking her spear out to keep distance the men are not fazed as they continue their march towards her. Looking back over her shoulder to Mama shes standing there hand at her hip, sword in the other hand. Then back at the men stepping towards her. Sighing Shay braces herself as she goes on the defensive. 


One of the men charge as he swings his sword over his head, putting up her spear to block it she uses her other hand to punch the guy in the chest, knocking him back some and leaving a huge dent in the armor, the man is not hurt. He goes to swing again as another man approaches from her right and then another to her left. Her face darts between the men as she blocks their attacks one by one, leaving no time to counter or go on the offensive shes left to be only defending herself from their attacks. 


The men barely overpower her enough to get of couple cuts in as blood slowly trickles down her arm and face. Panting heavily the men’s armor dented and damaged they continue to strike at her. All she can do is dodge out of the way as the strike missing her and hitting the ground each sword she dodges two more appear for her to move out of the way. Her spear striking their swords as she uses it to deflect their attacks and move around the field. 


 One of the men catches her off guard grabbing her arm, trying to break free her other arm is grabbed. Her strenght is weakened from the previous fights leading to here. As she tries to break free from them restraining her Mama walks in front of her. Her hand carresses Shay’s cheek her eyes filled with anger and rage. “Let go of me.” Shay struggling.


“I am afraid it’s to late for that dear, you rejected Mama’s offer.” Leaning in with her face towards Shay she presses her lips against hers as then pulls back. “One last kiss before you die.” Mama laughs as she unsheathes her sword, pressing the tip into her belly. Shay winces bracing herself, still struggling to break free from their grasp. Unable to do so she doesn’t give up as the sword from Mama slowly pushes in sliding easily into her leather vest as she feels the tip press into her skin. 


Shay’s head dips down for a moment as the voice from Aella comes from her mouth, “I told you, I will protect this mortal.” Her head tilts up, a fire burns in her eyes as they stare directly into Mama’s. “You will release me.” Shay’s voice booms as she turns her head slowly to each man. They grip tighter onto her arms, as Shay’s gaze turns back to Mama. “I warned you.” Shay’s body starts to heat up as it bursts into flames, the mens bodies ignite as they cook inside their metal armor falling to the ground screaming in pain. Mama tries to impale the sword into Shay’s belly but shes unable to, its like trying to pirece a rock. Shay yells as a gust of wind blows the other men back, Mama steadies and braces herself.


The heavy armor causes the other men to fall on their backs, as they slide across the ground into walls and random objects. Shay’s stance is that of power and control. The fire burns hotter as she steps towards Mama, the spear in her hands in front of her. Mama steps back from the heat as she feels it roast her face and body. Leaping back she sticks her sword out pointed at Shay, “This mortal will not bow to you.” She leaps forward her swing thrusting at Shay, without any effort she parries the attack with her spear and grabs Mama by the throat lifting her in the air. Shay’s body instense and firm, her grip on Mama’s throat tightens. Pulling her in close Shay’s voice echos in the caverns of the Underbelly. “You will leave this mortal alone for your own good.” 


Spitting in Shay’s face Mama puts her feet against Shay as she tries to break free of her grip. Struggling to breath she manages to get out, “Alfred.” Mama’s eyes turn to the side looking at the doorway, “Alfred, I need you.” her voice starting to waver. 


“Ignite!” as a voice from the doorway shouts, a fireball heads towards Shay. Releasing her grip on Mama’s throat she falls to the ground, grabbing her neck as she breathes in deeply getting air back in her lungs. “Kill…..her…..now….” she gasps inbetween each word. A man in a black robe steps down the stairs, “Ignite!” another fireball heads towards Shay. Dodging the first the second one hits her right in the chest, knocking her to the ground. Clutching her chest the pain grows, standing to her feet standing guard her spear pointed towards the robed man. “Alfred…” Mama says as she passes out. He kneels down and checks her pulse, he feels a steady but weak pulse. Turning his head towards Shay who is keeping guard up her spear pointed out. 


Standing up slowly he faces Shay, the dust blows in their faces. Blood and sweat all over Shay’s body and clothes, her breathing is heavy. Shes very fatigued, she doesn’t show it to the robed man trying to not show weakness. “You are to weak to fight and win against me, maybe if you were fresh I would be worried.” His words laced with evil, he laughs as he pulls out a wand from his robe pocket. It’s wooden wand thats covered in runes that are glowing. He raises it up as he flicks his wrist, sending a bolt of lighting towards Shay. Dodging out of the way, he strikes again, and again. Each time she barely dodges in time, her strenght is weakening. He strikes again but her footing slips as it grazes past her. Her whole body feels like it’s being electrocuted, as she falls to her knees smoke rises from her body burnt marks are scattered across her body and arms. 


Using the spear to help her stand up, he prepares to strike again. Flicking the wand in his hand he sends an even brighter and bigger lighting bolt towards her, she tries to raise her spear but her arms are struggling to lift it, before it hits she manages to raise it as it absorbs most of the strike, sending her flying back into the solid cavern rocky wall. The spear flies out of her hands and lands a few feet away as it rolls away slightly, her body shakes with pain as smoke pours from her body. The smell of burnt flesh fills the air around them, taking in a big sniff Alfred smiles with a wicked nature. “This is where your story ends.” Lifting his wand up Shay looks at him in the eyes her body not responding to her commands. The toll on her body is great, shes pushed past her limits. As she braces for her demise from the mans lighting strike. A sound is heard in the distance, a thundering sound approaching. Men screaming and shouting as they yell, “Stop that horse!”


Freyo comes in bashing through the front gate, Alfred stands there wand in hand. Shay on the ground her body severly burnt, turning his focus back to Shay, Alfred flicks the wand and sends a bolt of lighting at Shay. Freyo rushes foward taking the brunt of the damage, he neighs in pain but still stands. Alfred angers more as he prepares to send another strike towards Shay.


 


