“My Liege!” a soldier speaks loudly as he enters the throne room. At the other end sat the king, King Nasco. A man so narcissist that he renamed the city after him. “I have word sent from your brother in the west.” the soldier is out of breath running from one end to the other. Taking a moment to gather his breath. “He moves onto the forest again. The 100-year truce ended today my Liege!”



The king stands up with great anger stomping down from his throne to the solider kneeling down before him. “Then why are you here! Gather my men and march towards the forest!” His anger echos in the empty throne room. “Bring me that relic, i swear to whatever god you pray to that if he gets it before me, I will have your head and your children’s head as stew!”



The king kicks the solider in the head as he’s flown back, with a heavy thud he hits the ground his metal scrapping across the cold stone floor. Trying to rollover his armor is too heavy as the king simply walks over the man, crushing under the massive girth and weight of the fat king. “Captain! Captain Telios. Where is that blasted Captain.” 



As the king storms around his castle looking for his captain, he turns the corner to see him standing there talking with an advisor. “Captain…” the king is out of breath as he can barely breath. “Captain….” 



The captain puts his hand on the king’s shoulder helping him catch his breath. “Yes, my liege.”



“Captain, the truce, forest, relic.”



The captain smiles as he nods, “Yes my liege, I already dispatched a forward battalion they should have arrived before this morning’s new sun.”



The king stands up leaning against the captain, “Yes, very well Telios. Very well, prepare my horse. I wish to be there by days next new sun.”



Telios nods and bows, “Yes my liege, at once my liege.” The captain walks away as the king finds the closest servant.



“You there! Servant boy!” A young man of age 18 pops his head up from cleaning a vase that someone knocked over. He starts to panic as he thinks the king is going to hang him for the broken vase. “Y..y…y…yes m..m…m…m.my liege. I can explain.” The boy cowers. 



“Forgot that stupid vase. You there you will accompany me. I require a servant for the duration. You will meet with Captain Telios tell him you are my servant he will tell you what to do. Go now, do not fail me or it will be your head!”



The young boy bows as he runs at full speed through the castle hallways. Dodging servants as he runs down the hall, he spots a pair of servants carrying a heavy painting as he has no time to stop, he leaps into the air as he twirls around it and over it. Landing on the other side he smirks as he continues to run. 



He sees Captain Telios on a horse leaving the stables. The young boy starts to panic as he thinks, he looks down and sees hes three stories up. across the way is a line with flags attached to it. With quick thinking he gets on top of the railing as the line swags back and forth. Running out of time he leaps for it, grabbing a flag he uses it to slide across the line. But halfway across it snaps, as he starts to fall grabbing the now swinging line using his weight and momentum at the peak of the swing lets go as he falls landing hard in a hay bale in the stables, rolling out in front of the horse Telios is riding the horse rears on its hide legs.



“Woah woah, easy girl easy.” He gently caresses the horses head to calm it down. After managing to do so he looks at the young man who just flew out of the sky and rolled in front of his horse. “You there servant boy, what’s the meaning of this. You're lucky your head didn’t become one with the ground.”



The young boy sits up as he rubs his head and brushes the dirt and hay off his body and out of his hair. 



“The king told me to see you, something about needing a servant.”



Captain Telios scoffs, “Fine, follow me. We are about to head out now. What’s your name boy?”



“Dirge, Dirge McLaudn.” The boy says standing up.



“Dirge, huh. Well Dirge.” Telios leans down from his horse. “You're standing in horse shit.”



Captain Telios laughs as he commands the horse to move trotting past the young boy as he looks down to see a pile of horse shit his foot is in. Lifting it he shakes off the shit as he covers his nose. He sees Telios has already taken off as Dirge turns around and says, “Hey Wait up!”



Meanwhile in the small village of Kerlos Shay stands at the center of the village. Mid afternoon sun shines bright on her face. Using her jacket, she hides the sword inside it as she searches around the village center. She spots what she was searching for, a small leatherworking shop. The owner sitting outside tanning and stretching his hides from the morning kills. Shay cautiously approach’s the shopkeeper. 



“Hello sir.” She gently says to the shopkeeper.



“Oh, hello there young lady, welcome to Belts and Buckles. What can I help you with?”



Shay hands the shopkeeper her old beat-up leather sheath. “I…I…was looking to get a new one. I don’t have much to offer.” Shay empties her pockets only to have a few gold pieces in her hand. 



“Well, let’s take a look.” The shopkeeper takes the old sheath as he inspects it. “My, this is old. I haven’t seen leather from this type of animal in well.” He stops to think. “Around the time of the first war. My father used to train me on this very type of leather. This here is rare, made of a farm animal that went extinct due to the war. I’m afraid I can’t fix it. I can offer you a new one for 20 gold pieces.”



Shay looks down and counts what she has, “One…two…three…four…” she holds them in her palm towards her bowing her head she asks. “This is all I have sir; I haven’t eaten in days. I am alone. Please…this is all I have left.”



The shopkeeper looks at her, “I am sorry miss, the king is too greedy and keeps raising the taxes. I can barely afford to keep the shop open much less feed my family too. I wish I could help you, but I can’t.” He hands her back the old leather sheath. Defeated she takes it from the shop keep as she walks away. She walks down an alley away from people as she lays against the wall her head in her hands sobbing. Her stomach growls more and more. She counts her gold again, “four…enough for at least a bed for one night.” 



She sighs as she starts crying more trying to drown out the sounds of her empty stomach. Her ears perk when she hears someone coming, grabbing her coat she tries to hide best she can. Peering around a barrel she sees the Captain of Nasco, Telios. Behind him is a young boy, dressed in simple clothes bearing the symbol of the king. He is talking with the captain as his focus is taken away, seeing a shadow move down the alleyway. “Who’s there!” Telios shouts. No answer. “Go check boy.”



Dirge sighs as he grabs a short sword from the holster on the horse. Walking down the alley he sees the barrel move slightly. He gets low as he sneaks up to it, his sword at the ready. As he gets closer, he slows down and then pounces, standing above her, he points his sword towards her. “Who are you.”



Shay shakes as she starts to panic, fear setting in. “S…s..shay. Please, I am alone.” tears start to form in her eyes as Telios calls out. 



“Who’s there Dirge?”



Dirge looks into Shays eyes, as they glisten with tears. Her face is of panic, Dirge sighs as he lets his guard down. “No one Telios. Must have been an animal.”



“Well, good thing Dirge is here to protect this village from small animals.” He laughs as he starts to take off again.



Dirge kneels down before shay as he reaches behind him. Pulling out a small bread roll he hands it to her. “Go on take it. When the night comes, we will be making camp outside these walls. Meet me behind the makeshift stables, its where I am staying.”



Before Shay can say anything, Dirge takes off leaving her with the bread roll, he runs around the corner and after Telios to catch up. Leaving her there.



She doesn’t hesitate as he devours the bread roll in almost one bite, almost forgetting to chew she starts to choke on it. It’s not much but more than she’s had in days. She curls up with her jacket and sword as she lays down in the alley behind the barrel. Slowly closing her eyes then afternoon sun starts to set. Shes awaken to a noise, opening her eyes she sees two men leering over her. Their mouths drooling, “well what do we have here. Some fresh meat eh Borris.” Borris grins with a wicked smile as he nods, “I do believe so Frank.” he licks his lips as they both reach for Shay. 



She tries to overpower the two men but she’s so weak that she can’t fight back. Grabbing at whatever they can, she bites them and kicks them but there is no power behind the defense. Borris grabs her arms as he lifts her up, Frank pulls out a sharp pocketknife as he holds it to her throat. “Now, be a good girl and let my friend and I play. We promise we will be good.” Franks words turn sourer as his laugh eviler. Using the knife, he cuts down the front of her shirt revealing her perky breasts underneath. Her face turns red as she tries to look away, Frank grabs her face as he forces her to look at him. His face near hers, his putrid breath blowing on her face. He goes in for a kiss as she spits on him. Frank stepping back laughs and starts to get mad, using the pocketknife he jams it into her belly. 



“Now now, you anit dying till we had our fun.” The two men laugh as her body falls limp to the ground in pain. She clutches her belly trying to stop the bleeding. As she looks at her jacket Borris speaks up. “I think she wants her jacket, Frank.” as Borris picks it up the sword falls out and hits the ground. Its blade shines with almost a dim white light in the moon light. 



“Well well, what is this. A sword is a man’s thing doll. You might hurt yourself.” Borris picks up the sword as he swings it around. “How much do you think we could get for this Frank.” 



Shay tries to reach for it, “Give…back…grand…pa…”



Frank kicks her in the belly right on her open wound, she coughs as her nose and mouth start to bleed. “What was that doll? This your grandpa’s sword. Well, he was stupid for leaving it with a girl. It should be in a man’s hand.” He laughs as he points it at Shays neck.



“Now be a good girl and stay still, Borris gets first go.” Borris smiles and laughs as he lowers his pants revealing his wart covered dick, he plays with it till it starts to get somewhat hard. He kneels down forcing Shays legs apart, her belly pain so great she has no strength to fight back. All she can do is let these men have their way, maybe, just maybe she will live to see the morning light.



As Borris rips his pants off revealing her untouched area, he smiles as he licks his hand as he uses his spit to lube up his shaft. Shay turns away as all she can see is the shadow of her body on the ground and a shadow figure hovering between her.



She closes her eyes as he’s about to take from her what she was holding for the one. Time stands still, she opens her eyes as she hears a voice.



“The Sword, Grab the sword.”



She then hears both a male and female voice together…it’s your grandfathers and another woman. 



“Grab the Sword Shay.” She sees before her a young spirit of a solider extending his hand to shay. She reaches out Borris and Frank frozen in time. Grabbing the spirits hand she can feel her grandpa’s spirit with another being. It feels warm, happy, comforting. A tear falls from her eye as she closes them.



“I’m sorry, grandpa. I failed.” she says in her head.



“You didn’t fail me my dearest Shay. Let the light in. Let your walls down.” The spirits voice echos in her mind, almost guiding her.



“You're holding back, let me go. Let go of my spirit. Let your guard down.” The spirit echos again.



“But your sword. I failed…” Shay says out loud.



“Silly child.” The voice is soothing and comforting taking her back to when he would tell her stories as she laid to sleep. Images of him flood into her mind. At the end, he stands there. Standing next to a woman. “This is Gaia.” shays grandpa says looking at shay. She tries to get closer, but they maintain a distance from her. “This is the woman from my stories. This is the woman I married. She gave up her immortality to save me that day in the woods. Now I am with her, we are together. You must let me go. You must make your own path.” He steps towards her, appearing in front of her. His hand laying on her shoulder, her face caressing the back of his hand. 



“Shay, my child. Let the light in. The light will protect you.” his words trail off as he vanishes. Shays back on the ground, Borris and Frank frozen. The sword in Frank’s hand. She reaches for it, touching the cool blade. A feeling of warmth surges up her arm, bathed in a white light her body stands on its own. The sword in her hand, she looks down. Her clothes have changed. Covering her body is a guild encrusted white leather armor. The sword glowing a brilliant white, she looks into it. The light rejuvenates her mind and body. As time resumes, she’s standing there, sword in hand. Borris on his knees looks up, with a quick swing his head is removed bouncing on the ground at Franks feet. Shay standing there, her stance proud and strong. Her voice booms as she points the sword to the sky. A shower of white light drowns them as she steps towards Frank, her strength has grown. Stepping on Borris’s head like it was made of paper it exploded sending chunks of his head everywhere. 



Shay looking down at what was Borris’s head she tilts her head up eyes locked onto Franks. A wet stain forming in his pants as it pools on the ground. Falling to his knees he begs for his life.



Shay standing above him as cloud like wings sprout from her back. Her form and looks angelic, her gaze very powerful, almost inhuman. Her eyes are serious and focused as she looks down at him and in one fluid motion of her sword, she cuts him clean in half from the top down through his groin. His two half’s falls flat on each side as she’s bathed in a warm glow, returning back to her original clothes. She looks down, her bottom is bare, and her shirt has been cut. She looks down at Borris’s body as she grabs his pants and shirt. She takes off into the night, past Dirges camp as she enters the forest the baggy clothes rip on all the branches. Realizing she left her jacket behind she stands in a bush with whatever clothes she can keep on her body. She waits where Dirge said to meet him, he’s not there.